16 year olds should be able to vote at presidental elections
1-child policy for every single country in the world!
Abolish all collective bargaining rights claimed by trades unions
Abolish collective bargaining rights for unions
Abolish nuclear weapons
Abolish the monarchy.
Abortion should be legal
A cap-and-trade system is preferable to a carbon tax in reducing carbon emissions
Access to the websites that deny the Holocaust must be blocked
A common EU foreign policy should be favored
Actively circumventing Internet censorship is a legitimate foreign policy tool
Act to regulate the activities of Sovereign Wealth Funds
Adolf Hitler Does Not Deserve His Reputation as Evil
A Doping Cheat’s Entire Olympic Team Should Be Stripped Of Their Medals
Adults should have the right to carry a concealed handgun
Advertising is harmful
A fat tax should be implemented.
A “fat tax” should be introduced.
Affirmative Action in South Africa does more harm than good
Affirmative action is necessary
African borders must be redefined to reflect ethnic groups
African governments must implement tougher protections for animals
African leaders should be transparent about their health
African nations should ban the sale of skin whitening creams, and similar products
Africans are worse off due to natural resources
African states should withdraw from the ICC
A government has the obligation to lessen the economic gap between its rich and poor citizens
Aid is killing Africa
Aid Should Be Tied To Human Rights
A legal qualification is worth the cost
All Americans should have the right (be entitled) to health care
All countries should have the right to pursue a nuclear defence
All evidence gathered by intelligence agencies should be admissible in courts of law
All literature, art, photography, film and music should be released under Creative Commons licenses
All nations have a right to nuclear weapons
All nations should ban bullfighting
Allow biased versions of history to be taught in schools
Allow celebrities to switch off the limelight
Allow donations of vital organs even at the expense of the donor's life
"Allow retailers to import for resale ""grey"" goods from abroad."
Allow voting at 16 in European Parliament elections
Allow women to compete in the same leagues as men
All third world debt should be dropped
All veto powers of individual EU member states must be lifted
A move to the left is good for Labour
A nation's history and mythology is part of its national security
A new global body, the United Nations Committee for Internet Related Policies, take over internet governance.
Anti-Bribery Laws On Corporations Should Be Abolished
Anti-Social Behaviour Orders (UK) must be scraped
Any job is better than no job
Any society must have a national minimum wage
Any vaccines should be required for children
A permanent UNSC seat with veto power must be reserved to an African country
Arming the police is a good idea
Arranged marriages in EU countries should be banned.
(as a Christian Church) allow the ordination of gay and lesbian priests
Assisted suicide should be legalized
As the developed world, we must fund African climate adaptation
Atheism is the only way
A ‘wall’ on the shared USA and Mexico border would be ineffective
Barbie Dolls are affecting the mental image we create for ourselves
Basic income tax should be abolished
Beauty contests should be banned
Belief in God is irrational
Blasphemy has no place on the statute books
Books should have content warnings
Books will be replaced at some point
Bottled water should be banned
Boycott the Euro 2012 in Ukraine unless Yulia Timoshenko is released from prison
Britain should adopt Sharia law
Britain should become a republic
Britain should give up its EU rebate
Britain should join the Euro currency
Britain should scrap the monarchy
Build a third Heathrow runway to maintain its position as a hub airport
Build hydroelectric dams
Build the Grand Inga Dam
Cannabis should be legalised
Capitalism is better than socialism
Capitalism is creating an expanding gap between the rich and the poor
Capital punishment should be abolished in Africa
Catcher in the Rye is a bad book
Celebrities should be exempt from National Service (in South Korea)
Celebrities who commit drug-related offences should be punished more harshly than non-celebrities.
Children in developing countries should be sponsored
Children should be allowed to have facebook accounts
Children should be banned from watching shows that contain violence and other adult contents
Children Should Have The Right To Vote In Elections
China should be allowed more control over its own seas
Christians should be allowed to wear the Cross at work
Christmas is a scam
Civil Disobedience Can Be Justified
Climate Change is the end of the world
Cohabiting couples who wish to end their relationships should be allowed to request that the courts supervise the division of their property
Commercialization of Festivals and Holidays Has Eroded Their Real Significance
Competition in the long run is healthy rather than harmful for the community: GRE issue
Constitutions Should Not Give Special Recognition To Minority Groups
Corporal punishment be used in K-12 schools.
Corporal Punishment Should Be Reintroduced
Corporations’ Use of IP Laws in Relation to Event Sponsorship Poses a Threat to Freedom of Expression
Countries with very harsh training methods from participating in international competitions should be banned.
Create an African Criminal Court
Create a National High Speed Rail System in the U.S.
Create an international treaty/ban on cyber-attacks
Create a UN standing army
Creationism should be discussed in school science lessons
Criminal trials should not be televised, and the ICC is no exception
Cultural property residing in museums must be returned to its place of origin
Cut aid to African states that criminalise homosexuality
Cyberbullies must be punished with prison even if under 18
Death penalty is justified
Defending the enemies of one's nation is legitimate free speech
Deregulation and tax cuts should be embraced to lead the world out of economic crisis.
Developed Countries Should Accept More Refugees
Developing nations should place restrictions on rural-urban migration
Dictatorship Is the Best Path to Development
Disclose previous convictions in court
DNA testing is worth the money
Does Mother Nature rule the world
During riots it might make sense to block access to social messaging networks
Eliminate All Nuclear Weapons
Employees Should Be Compelled To Disclose Their HIV Status to Employers
Endangered species should be protected
English has to become the official language of the United States
Ethiopia is right to build a dam on the River Nile
EU member states should guarantee people under 25 a temporary workplace when they have been unemployed for six months
European Parliament elections should involve only one voting district: all of Europe and not separate country seats
Europe still needs a constitution
Every child should have a mobile phone.
Everyone Should Automatically Be Opted into an Organ Donation Scheme
Fast Food Advertising Should Be Banned
Forced evictions are necessary for African cities to become global players.
Forced marriage should be banned
Force has to be used to protect human rights abroad
Force the media to display, promote and report women’s sport equally to men’s sport.
Foreign workers should be given the right to vote in local elections where they work
Former colonial powers should pay reparations to former colonies
Free press is vital in democracy
Fund needle exchanges
G20 protests – at best a waste of time, at worst a dangerous disruption
Gay marriage should be legal
Gender Equality is Treating Men and Women in the Same Way
Gender equality will not happen anytime soon
Genetics is a defence to murder
German unification has been a success
Ghana’s ban on smoking in public places is a model for Africa
Global Warming is not an issue
Google shouldn’t censor its search results in China
Gorbachev was a key player in the fall of the Berlin Wall
Governments be allowed to disrupt Internet service on grounds of national security.
Government should be required to obtain warrants to access data that can be used to track an individual
Governments of resource-rich nations should impose high taxes on mining and extraction
Governments Should Actively Promote Multiculturalism
Governments should introduce a flat tax
Governments should lower the voting age to 16
Governments should prioritise spending money on youth
Governments should spend their way out of the recession
Governments Should Try To Reduce The Gap Between Their Richest And Poorest Citizens
Grant the EU a permanent seat on the UN Security Council
Greece should default on its debt and return to the Drachma
"Guinea-Bissau should not let itself be turned in to a front of the US’ ""war on drugs"""
Hacking Can Be Justified
Hate speech on campus has to censored
Healthy eating should be made mandatory
Heavy drinkers should be denied liver transplants
Historical Artefacts Should Be Repatriated to Their Country of Origin
Hold students legally responsible for bullying if it resulted in the victim's death
Home Schooling Should Be Banned
Homework is a waste of time
Homosexuals should be able to adopt
Hosting the Olympic Games is beneficial
Hosting the Olympics is a good investment
Hosting the world cup is beneficial
Housewives Are More Responsible Mothers Than Working Women
Housewives should be paid for their work
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change
Human Cloning has to be banned
I believe in the Right to be forgotten
ID cards and the National Identity Register should be scrapped
Illegal immigrants must be given drivers licenses
Immunity for head of state is a good idea
Implent the Virtual Doctor Project in Zambia
Improving access to contraception will lower the number of teenage pregnancies
In a democracy all votes should be equal.
Increased taxes are good for America
India’s Ban on the Satanic Verses is justified
India should give up Kashmir
Indiscriminate NSA surveillance of the rest of the world hurts the United States
Individuals should be able to legally bypass copyright protection technologies for fair use reasons.
Individuals who have committed atrocities in the Syrian Civil War should be investigated by the ICC
Institute a mandatory retirement age
Intellectual property rights have to be abolished
International students are charged unfairly high tuition fees at UK universities
Internet access is a human right
Internet service providers should be allowed to block access to extremist websites
In the conflict between Israel and Palestine, a two-state solution is better justified than a one-state solution
Invest in Renewable Technologies rather than Nuclear Power
Islamic State/Daesh is the most significant threat to the west
Israel's 2008-2009 military operations against Gaza were justified
Israel should recognise the Palestinian right of return
It is a good idea to build the Keystone XL pipeline
It is a good idea to lease Crimea to Russia
It is be ok to use racial profiling as part of airport security checks
It is crucial to support the development of a missile defence system
It is good to gossip
It is important to use a graduated response to combat unauthorised file-sharing of copyrighted material
It is important to use foreign aid funds to research and distribute software that allows bloggers and journalists in non-democratic countries to evade censorship and conceal their online activities.
It is morally permissible for victims to use deadly force as a deliberate response to repeated domestic violence
It is selfish to have more than two children
It is sometimes right for the government to restrict freedom of speech
It is wrong to tolerate unjust laws
It makes sense to drive to an out of town to a shopping centre
It should be allowed to patent genes
Job applicants should have to disclose their spent criminal convictions
Joe Calzaghe deserves to be recognized as one of the greatest boxers of all time
Junk Food Should Be Banned
Lack of Parental Guidance Is Mainly Responsible for Children Being Violent and Aggressive in School
Lady Macbeth is the real driving force behind King Duncan’s murder in Shakespeare’s Macbeth
Language does control thought
Leaders of countries that use extra-territorial rendition should be tried for war crimes
Leaving the EU would increase British security
Legal empowerment is provided for women through land titling
Legalize sex work in order to make controls more feasible and effective to combat HIV/AIDS
Lesotho should be annexed by South Africa
Liberal democracies are better at providing people’s needs than non-democracies.
Limit the free speech rights of corporations that are granted legal personhood
Long term cooperation between Russia and the United States is possible.
Lowering the federal corporate income tax rate does create jobs
Make the raising of business and labour standards a prerequisite for developmental aid
Male infant circumcision is tantamount to child abuse
Marriage is an outdated institution
Military action to intervene during atrocities without United Nations Security Council approval can be legal
Minors Should Be Able to Obtain Abortions Without Parental Consent
Money Is the Root of All Evil
More gun control laws should be enacted
Most people are a little bit gay
Music containing lyrics that glorify violent and criminal lifestyles should be banned
Music that glorifies violence against women should be banned
Neil Armstrong did actually walk on the Moon
Neo-functionalism explains the integration of the European Union
Net neutrality should be restored
New prisons need to be built to ease overcrowding
Newspapers Are a Thing of the Past
Newspapers belong to the past
New York City has the right to regulate the size of sodas bought on the market
Nuclear technology must be adopted
Parents have to be allowed to monitor their children's online and mobile communications
Parents of obese children be prosecuted with neglect
Parents or other adults should be able to ban books from schools and libraries.
Parents should not allow young people to live at home again after graduating
Partial birth abortions should be banned
Penalise religious hate speech
People on job seekers allowance who refuse a job should lose their benefits
People should be allowed to do what they want to their own bodies
People should be allowed to sell their own organs
People should become vegetarian
People should have the right to die
People should lose their jobs for saying the wrong thing
Personality is more important than ability
Place Cameras in Courtrooms to Televise Court Cases
Playoffs must be implemented in collegiate level american football
Poetry should not be taught in schools
Police body cameras should be allowed
Police Service Should Be Armed (UK)
politicians have no right to privacy
Polygamous Marriage Should Be Recognised
Poorer Countries Should Abandon Free Trade Agreements
Positive discrimination has to be used to increase diversity in university
Post conflict peace cannot be sustained without impartial justice
Post Office Should Be Privatized
Poverty is the most important security issue facing Africa
Prescription drugs are overpriced
Prioritize eliminating the budget deficit over increasing domestic spending
Professional sportsmen must be required to represent their countries at the international level
Prohibit retailers from selling certain items at a loss as a marketing device.
Proportional representation is necessary.
Prosecutions help the healing process
Prostitution has to be legalised
Protect braille out of respect for free speech
Public Transport Should Be Free
punishment should fit the criminal
Put taxes/revenue from oil into a trust fund independent of politicians influence
Quebec should secede from Canada
Racial quotas must be set in South African rugby
Raise the school leaving age to 18
Reality TV has gone too far
Reality TV shows are an important part of popular culture today.
Receiving multiple vaccines are safe
Recognise Kosovo as an independent state
Recreational marijuana should be legal
Refusing to stand for the National Anthem is an appropriate form of protest.
Religion does more harm than good
Religion In Itself Is A Purely Positive Force In The World
Religions Should Not Qualify as Charities
Religious education Should be a part of the School curriculum
Religious freedom abroad should be one of the primary foreign policy concerns for any country
Remotely Controlled Weapons Systems Should Not Be Used In Combat
Remove Bush tax cuts for the wealthy
"Remove the words ""under God"" from the American Pledge of Allegiance"
Replace aid with remittances
Representative Democracy Is a Better Form of Government Than Direct Democracy
Resources have a negative influence on foreign policy in the Middle East
Restrictions must be imposed on overseas players in football
Restrict the right to Habeas Corpus as part of efforts to combat terrorism
Rich countries should actively recruit medical personnel from poorer countries
Romeo and Juliet do promote knife crime
Russia has the right to send troops into Crimea
Russia is a land of democracy (not autocracy)
Russia needs strong leadership
Same-Sex Marriage Should Be Legal
Same sex relationships should have the same legal status as heterosexual relationships under EU law
Sanctuary cities are beneficial
Sao Tome would drop relations with Taiwan in favour of Mainland China
Self-determination of peoples is a human right
Sexist advertising must be banned
Should the United States increase the foreign aid budget?
Should Turkey Be Accepted In The EU
Sikh school pupils should be allowed to carry ceremonial daggers
Slang prevent young people from being able to communicate properly
Smokers should be denied access to state healthcare
Smoking should be made Illegal
Smoking should further be restricted
Social deprivation causes crime
Social disgust is legitimate grounds for restriction of artistic expression
Socialism is a failed government subdomain
Social Media should be part of the curriculum
Social networking sites are good for our society
Social Security should be privatized
South Africa should host an Olympics
South Ossetia should be independent
Space should not be used for military purposes
Spain should cede Ceuta and Melilla to Morocco
Speed limits should be reduced
State funding to universities have to be conditioned upon all academic work being made available to the general public
States ought not possess nuclear weapons
Stop sending development aid to India
Students should have to wear school uniforms
Subsidise the translation of academic work in the languages of developing countries
Subsidize poor communities
Suicide should be a criminal offence
Sunbeds should be banned
Swearing should be illegal
Switzerland and Norway should apply to join the EU
Tablets should replace textbooks in K-12 schools
Taking food thrown out by supermarkets should not be illegal
Targeted sanctions have to be used to respond to cyber-attacks
Taxes on smoothies and fruit juices should be reduced
Teachers should get tenure
Teachers Should Have The Right To Punish Pupils Physically If The Parents Consent
Ten Commandments:  Display in Schools
Terrorism should not be allowed publicity
Terrorists should be subject to the Geneva Conventions
Terrorists Should Be Subject to the Geneva Conventions
That Israel’s West Bank Settlements are an Obstacle to Peace
That Zero Tolerance Policing is a Good Tactic for Fighting Crime
The African Union can meet its pledge to end all war on the continent by 2020
The African Union should create a standing army
The age of consent laws should be lowered
The American Jobs Act should pass
The Arab Spring revolutions can create stable democracies.
The BBC should be free to blaspheme
The best way to protect Scottish interests in the EU is to vote for independence
The breeding of white tigers in captivity should be banned
The Church of England should be separated from the British state.
The civil procedure rules allow for a ‘fair trial’
The Death Penalty Should Be Imposed For Acts Of Terror That Cause Death
The decision of the state of Bavaria to publish Mein Kampf
The development of genetically modified organisms have to be banned
The Egyptian army was right to depose Morsi
The European Union should adopt a single working language through which to operate.
The European Union should be a trade bloc rather than a political union
The European Union should lift its ban on member states selling arms to China
The EU should abandon the Common Agricultural Policy
The EU should impose a special Europe-wide tax on meat consumption to help save the planet
The EU should offer asylum to women from countries which have legislation that discriminates against women
The EU should return power to national governments
The EU should significantly reduce the amount it spends on agricultural production subsidies
The EU, USA and other western donors should not fund any Palestinian government in which terrorist organisations participate
The Falklands should be given back to Argentina
The federal minimum wage should be increased
The feminist movement should seek a ban on pornography
The glass ceiling for women still exists
The Guantanamo Bay detention centre should be closed
The Gulf States should take in more Syrian refugees
The health benefits of genetically modified foods outweigh their risks
The ICC is biased against Africa
The imprisoned members of Pussy Riot should be considered political prisoners
The integration of Africa through the African Union can succeed
The International Criminal Court is a force for good
The leaking of military documents by Anat Kamm was justified
The media’s selective coverage of certain issues works to worsen problems in society and create problems
The Minimum Driving Age Should Be Raised to 18
The money we spend on our Olympic medal count is money well spent
The new technologies will make entrepreneurs of Africa’s youth
The niqab and other face coverings in schools must be banned
The Palestinian Statehood should be recognised by the United Nations General Assembly
The payment of welfare benefits to parents should be tied to their children's school attendance records
The people's republic of China should abandon the one-child policy
The Police Should Use Racial Profiling To Tackle The Problems Of Illegal Immigration.
The prevalence of ‘African mercenaries’ is decreasing
There is a need for developing tactical nuclear weapons
There is a world Water crisis
There must be a ban the sale of 3D printers to households
There must be a progressive tax rate
There must be a single European Union army
There must be compulsory identity cards
There must be referendums held on any new EU treaty
The Republika Srpska must be allowed to secede from Bosnia & Herzegovina
There should be a legally mandated ceiling on weekly working hours
There Should be a Minimum Weight Limit For Professional Models
There should be no permanent members of the UN Security Council
There should be video replays for refs in football
The right to anonymous posting on the internet should be protected by law
The right to trial can be limited by jury in some criminal cases
The sale of children’s toys as part of fast food meals must be prohobited.
The sale of violent video games/censor violent video games should be illegal
The Seychelles should buy territory and relocate due to climate change
The Spread of Nuclear Weapons: More may be better
The state should provide broadband internet through nationalized companies
the teacher is always right, even when s/he is not.
The teaching of Shakespeare should be compulsory
The Tibet should be an independent state
The UK is truly a democracy
The UK would be better off economically outside the European Union
The UN Human Rights Council should be abolished
The UN intervention in the Democratic Republic of Congo has been a success
The United Nations budget must be frozen
The United Nations has a responsibility to protect.
The United Nations has failed
The United States’ individual health insurance mandate is unconstitutional
The United States is justified in using private military firms abroad to pursue its military objectives
The United States return to a gold standard
The United States should ban assault weapons
The United States should continue Its use of drone strikes abroad
The United States should maintain its embargo against Cuba
The United States was correct in going to war against North Korea in support of their territory of South Korea.
The UN should be reformed or replaced
The UN should recognize a Palestinian state
The USA Legal Drinking Age Should Be Lowered to 18 From 21
The US and Israel should join the International Criminal Court
The US and its allies were justified in taking military action against Iraq following Iraq’s invasion of Kuwait
The USA's social security schemes should be privatized
The use of child performers should be banned
The use of mobile phones has lowered active social life and has become an addiction
The US intervention in Libya, lacking congressional approval, was illegal
The U.S. Should Ban The Use of Cluster Bombs
The US should have done more for Darfur
The US should immediately close Guantanamo Bay.
The voting age should be lowered to 16
The War in Iraq was Worth the Cost
The ‘war on terror’ is winnable
The welfare system should be replaced with a negative income-tax model
The Western intervention in Libya has been a success
The West should invade Syria
The world has to ignore North Korean provocations
The world has to intervene in Syria to prevent, or respond to, the use of chemical weapons
The world must arm the Syrian rebels
The world should go vegan
The world should intervene to prevent the collapse of the state in other countries
The world should re-engage with Myanmar
Throw Russia out of the G8
Too much importance is placed upon correct spelling and grammar
Trade is better than aid
Treat the desecration and destruction of high-value sites and property of cultural heritage as a crime against humanity
Tunisia should not rely on tourism for economic growth
Turkey should be let join the European Union
UK should have a second Brexit referendum before leaving the EU
UK would have more influence outside the EU
Unemployment benefit should be paid in the form of vouchers for food, shelter and the basics of life
Unilateral nuclear disarmament is the best way to create a safer world
University education should be free
USA must sign the Ottawa Convention banning landmines
Using Rewards to Motivate Students
US must help in fighting terrorist organisations in Africa
Violent video games cause violent crime
Visitors to museums should be “encouraged” to pay a voluntary entrance fee
War criminals should be prosecuted
We believe in the right to reply
We believe in world government
We can trust Republicans with the economy
We have lost the true meaning of Christmas
We have to cut the length of copyright protection
We have to offer amnesty to bloggers currently prosecuted by their native states
We have to produce high quality generic drugs for Africa
We must all believe in fundamental human rights
We must ban the promotion of diets
We must believe in the woman's right to choose
We must colonize moon
We must disband NATO
We must enable free movement of labour across Africa to alleviate poverty disparities.
We must extend NATO membership to Georgia and Ukraine
We must grant those diagnosed with terminal illnesses the right to access treatments that have not completed clinical testing
We must have a criminal DNA database
We must have weapons inspectors leave Syria
We must hold all U.S. presidential primaries on the same day
We must hold a referendum on UK membership in the EU
We must invade and forcibly reunify the Korean peninsula
We must legalize the use of cell phones in cars
We must let Catalan hold an independence referendum
We must negotiate with terrorists
We must support public service broadcasters
We must use Unmanned Aerial Vehicles to strike terrorist targets
We should allow death penalty for the worst of the worst criminals
We should ban the church of scientology
We should ban the depiction of smoking in films
We should ban the muslim veil
We should be free to express our religion as we wish
We should be investing in public transport
We should believe in corporal punishment for adult offenders
We should detain terror suspects without trial
We should directly elect city mayors
We should dramatically increase the rate of income tax paid by the rich
We should encourage building the Hyperloop
We should encourage increased use of referendums
We should expand NATO
We should force feed sufferers of Anorexia Nervosa
We should give cash to the poor to reduce poverty
We Should Have a Quota for Women on Corporate Boards
We should legalise the growing of coca leaf
We should legalize drugs
We should limit the right to bear arms
We should prize freedom over security and abolish anti-terrorism legislation
We Should Question Authorities
We should restrict violent video games
We should support the creation of a Free Trade Area of the Americas
We should support universal basic income
We should use torture to obtain information from suspected terrorists
Western democracies should openly try to circumvent Internet censorship in oppressive regimes
Western universities should only place satellites in states that respect free speech
Widen the East African Community
Wikileaks is a threat to national security
Wikipedia is a force for good
Wind farms are a good solution to the energy crisis
Wind power should be a primary focus of future energy supply.
Wire-tapped and ‘intercepted’ evidence must be allowed as admissible in court
Women are the key to Africa’s economic future
Women should be allowed on the front line
Working from home is better for companies than maintaining an office
World War III is inevitable
You should always suspend directly delivered foreign development aid
You should join Facebook
16 year olds are informed enough to cast a vote.
16 year olds are mature enough to vote
16 year olds are not responsible enough to vote.
16 year olds are not wise enough to vote at elections.
16 year olds don't have a high enough level of maturity to vote.
16 years old is too much of an immature age to vote.
1 child policy can infringe on women's rights.
£1 trillion of aid in the past 50 years has only caused the African economy to deteriorate
21 years old should be the drinking age.
2.  No - it discourages incentive, increases dependence upon the government, and, if carried too far, impoverishes and oppresses people.
3900 children die everyday in the World due to water-related diseases.
3D printers owned by individuals can be used to create illegal products.
3) More social incentive to find a job
5. Hacks to uncover or expose criminal activity, corruption or corporate malpractice
7 Global warming is based on computer modelling and has had no empirical confirmation
"81% of K-12 teachers believe that ""tablets enrich classroom education."""
AA actually does more harm than it does good
AA does more good than harm
AA does more harm than good
AA is more harmful than good
AA may not be as helpful as originally intended.
AA may not be helpful.
A baby should not come into the world unwanted.
A balanced and healthy diet consists of vegetables and lean red meat.
A ban is necessary for progress in the status of women.
A ban might stop them from spreading lies
A ban on assault weapons infringes on an individuals right to own guns for sport.
A ban on assault weapons would not work, it will simply encourage a black market
A ban would cease Holocaust deniers from taking part in real world actions.
A ban would help prevent deniers from spreading their views
A ban would lower mortality.
A ban would save lives
A ban would stop Holocaust deniers from engaging in effective real world actions
A bashful individual can fulfill his or her social needs through social media.
A benefit of forced eviction is the creation of slum-free cities.
Ability can change, personality can't.
A blanket ban on depictions of smoking ignores the context that it might be used in by directors
Abolishing anti-Bribary laws allows criminals to escape accountability
Abolishing anti-terrorism legislation would leave us vulnerable.
Abolishing Income Tax will grow the economy
Abolishment is an unrealistic goal
abortion can be damaging phychologically
Abortion causes pain to fetuses.
Abortion could be a potential detriment to society.
Abortion disproportionately affects African American babies.
Abortion eliminates the potential societal contributions of a future human being.
Abortion ends a life.
Abortion gives pregnant women the option to choose not to bring fetuses with profound abnormalities to full term.
Abortion is a mistake when there are other alternatives like adoption.
Abortion is justified as a means of population control.
Abortion is murder.
Abortion is the killing of a human being, which defies the word of God.
Abortion is unconstitutional.
Abortion is wrong per se when there are alternatives such as adoption
Abortion may lead to future medical problems for the mother.
Abortion promotes a culture in which human life is disposable.
Abortion reduces crime.
Abortion reduces welfare costs to taxpayers.
abortions are dangerous things
abortions are very dangerous
Abortions cause psychological damage.
Abortions Pose a Danger that Parents Have a Responsibility to Assess For Their Children
Abortion stops a beating heart.
Abortion violates the written words of the constitutions, specifically the unalienable right to life.
A boycott won’t help resolve the issues at question
Academic participation is improved on a global scale with the use of translation of academic work.
Academic work produced by means of public funds belongs to the public
A capped working week protects the workers
ACC could deal with pan-African problems that the ICC does not address
access to contraception in need of the hour.
Access to contraception results are unproven.
Access to legal, professionally-performed abortions reduces maternal injury and death caused by unsafe, illegal abortions.
According other countries, it hasn't increased donation.
According to economist, the gold standard is best left in the past.
According to survey, most U.S. citizens support drone strikes.
Accountability
A change is needed to stop the cycle of violence.
A child becomes physically vulnerable when they become a child performer.
A child performer's formal education is limited by their work.
A child's education is hampered by performing.
A civilly moral obligation to play for your country.
A company's products become more uncontrollable due to grey imports.
Actively recruiting exacerbates brain drain
A cyber treaty benefits everyone
A dam could make the Congo more usable
A dam would damage the environment
A dangerous reliance on technology?
Additional restrictions on smoking will only help the health and welfare of third parties.
A democracy relies on freedom of the press
Adequate punishment reduces future offenses.
Adequate solution for the root-cause: anti-bribery should be part of companies’ CSR missions
A dictatorship breeds order and it's a needed step for both development and liberal democracy
A diet devoid of meat lowers the risk of heart disease.
A difference is made with development aid.
A DNA database would reduce the time spent tracking down suspects
Adopting a single language would be counter-cultural.
Ads can be immoral and need to be limited.
Ads can sway customers uneccassarily one way or the other.
Adverse reactions to vaccines are extremely rare.
Advertisements are an attempt to brainwash customers.
Advertisements promote healthy products and lifestyles.
Advertisements tell children that they should have everything they want.
Advertisements try to make people feel bad about not having the product
Advertising for cigarettes is often times done simply by using smoking in films.
Advertising helps us choose between different goods.
Advertising is a part of a good business plan.
Advertising is a powerful medium to communicated about healthy lifestyles.
Advertising reduces consumers self-esteem.
Advertising should not be allowed to seduce vulnerable children who do not understand what they want.
A EU army would make diplomacy with the USA difficult.
A European political union intrudes on its members’ sovereignty
A European trade bloc can succeed without a political union
A fair and equal opportunity to all players in the market is healthy combination which is a symbol of a flourishing society
A fat tax infringes on  citizens liberty.
A fat tax infringes on individual choice
A fat tax is cost prohibitive for the lower classes.
A fat tax levels out the playing field for healthier food
A fat tax on junk food is not feasible
A fat tax would be good
A fetus is a life from conception, therefore abortion is murder
Affirmative action has created a reverse of power when it comes to minority groups.
Affirmative Action is necessary to combat racism.
Affirmative action is needed to combat racial and gender prejudice.
Affirmative action perpetuates prejudice
Affirmative action reduces social prejudice
Affirmative action removes the cyclical disadvantages of discrimination
Affirmative action will not work
Africa has a strong voice in the ICC
Africa has invited ICC intervention
Africa is overtly prosecuted
african american babies are more affected by abortions
African cities face the threat of violence because of force eviction.
African forces will be trusted by Africans
African heads of state  must be honest to the people about their health condition.
African international organisations do not have a history of effectiveness
African leaders need to be open and honest about their health otherwise their reputation would be in danger
African states can’t afford the full cost
African Union is promoting peace in the African continent.
African unity is the hope of Damages.
Africa will be among the hardest hit
After 50 years the Cuba embargo has shown no results so the US should end it.
After looking the pros and cons we can conclude religion is a very positive force.
A game is less enjoyable if there is video replay.
Aggressive foreign policy is not legitimate foreign policy
A gold backed currency could not expand fast enough to maintain a healthy rate of international trade and economic growth.
A gold standard makes the supply of money vulnerable to the ups and downs of gold production.
A gold standard self-regulates to match the supply of money to the need for it.
A gold standard would increase the environmental and cultural harms created by gold mining.
A gold standard would limit the ability of the Federal Reserve to help the economy out of recessions and depressions.
A gold standard would reduce the risk of economic crises and recessions such as the housing bubble and financial crisis of 2008-2009.
A gold standard would restrict the ability of the federal government to increase the national debt.
"A good 81% of K-12 teachers believe when it is said ""tablets enrich classroom education."""
A good business needs to look to promote its mission.
A good investment in society would be to raise the school leaving age.
A good last ditch way of getting money.
A good team building in the work place later in life is competition in sports while in school
A government that ensures net neutrality is one that violates principles of freedom.
A graduated response is the best solution to curbing this problem.
A graduated response is the fairest way to enforce copyright legislation
A graduated response will be an effective deterrent
A graduation tax would mean scrapping tuition fees and students do not need to pay anything up front.
A Greek default would have a negative domino-effect on other Eurozone countries.
A handgun ban reduces crime and deaths
A healthy citizen is a working citizen.
A healthy diet starts from home and starts early.
A healthy leader will do a better job.
A higher minimum wage means less crime.
A higher minimum wage would encourage people to attend school more and lead to lower drop out rates.
A higher wage would result in lower benefits
Aid benefits National Security
Aiding foreign journalists in the evasion of censorship is a violation of sovereignty.
Aiding in the effort to promote free speech with software to evade identity checks and censorship would be economical and beneficial.
Aid is donated inefficiently as a quick-fix solution
Aid is less dangerous than free trade.
Aid serves a purpose and should not be discouraged
Aid should be cut from morally wrong African states that persecute and criminalize homosexuals
Aid shouldn't be given to aid the outcome of the Palestinian elections.
Aid uses resources more efficiently than free trade.
Airstrikes would likely be politically ineffective
A lack of respect and perceived lack of patriotism is brought forth by failing to stand for the national anthem.
A lack of transparency can endanger the leader
A large amount of spending is already allocated to the youth.
Alcohol and tobacco are more harmful drugs, yet remain legal.
all countries are entitled to self defense with nuclear weapons, even when they do not have the capacity to carry conventional weapons
All countries have an inherent right to self-defense even when they lack the capacity to do so with conventional weapons.
All countries have a right to defend themselves with nuclear weapons, even when they lack the capacity in conventional weapons
Allegations of misconduct by peacekeepers
Allegations of misconduct has darkened the reports of success by the UN.
Alleged Syrian war crimes should be presented to the ICC for initiation within the legal context.
All humans deserve internet access.
all humans have the right to move
All individuals have a legitimate right to privacy
All individuals, including politicians, have a basic right to privacy.
All intelligence gathered should be presented in legal courts.
All medical treatment for minors requires parental consent and abortion is a medical treatment.
All of Ethiopia is predicted to have power from the damn.
Allowing 18- to 20-year-olds to drink alcohol in regulated environments with supervision would decrease unsafe drinking activity.
Allowing abortion conflicts with the unalienable right to life recognized by the Founding Fathers of the United States.
Allowing children to be hit sends the message that it is OK to treat children in this way.
Allowing children to perform pushes them to grow up too soon
Allowing drug use is wrong – Prohibition must remain
Allowing gay couples to wed could further weaken the institution of marriage.
Allowing GM foods is the beginning of a slippery slope.
Allowing grey goods breaks down monopolies and passes on lower prices to consumers.
Allowing other religious clothing but no a cross would not be fair
Allowing polygamy to be acceptable would disrupt the structure of society.
Allowing the motion would be wrong for justice.
Allowing the voting age at 16 in European Parliament elections would help distinguish the election levels
Allowing this motion would lead to a miscarriage of justice.
Allowing torture under any circumstances will allow the prospect of its routine use
Allowing torture will make it an every day procedure.
Allowing women asylum infers that they are weak and in need of protection, damaging the feminist movement.
Allowing women asylum will damage feminist movements
Allowing young people to vote would be likely to result in inappropriate votes.
Allows monitoring of foreign governments
All people have the right to marry.
All peoples have a fundamental right to determine their own future.
all representation should be balanced
All speech should be free, no matter the content.
All states have a right to nuclear self-defense.
All the evidence shows that prescription drugs cost too much
All the people worldwide have the same rights and are equal to one another.
All uses of animals for entertainment harm the animals.
All vaccinations are tested rigorously before they are approved, and tracked afterwards
All views can be represented in a political debate.
All-women shortlists or quotas restrict a constituent's freedom of choice
A long ruling and ruthless dictator was toppled.
A lot of civilians are harmed during the military operations.
A lower voting age would result in an increase in participation.
Although refusing to stand for the national anthem is an appropriate form of protest, it shows disrespect for the flag.
A majority of adults, including gun owners, support common sense gun control such as background checks, bans on assault weapons, and bans on high-capacity magazines.
A majority of adults with the inclusion of gun owners support common sense gun control including background checks, bans on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines.
A majority of adults with the inclusion of gun owners support common sense gun control such as background checks, banning assault weapons, and bans on high-capacity magazines.
A majority of Americans support legalizing marijuana.
A maximum working week provides protection for workers.
A megalopolitan has to serve and help its citizens no matter what.
America is a melting pot of races and languages and that should be protected.
American citizens approve of drone strikes.
American interests are counted by Guantanamo Bay's lack of transparency.
America should not become more dependent on oil
America should preserve their history for the future
America will be freed from dependence on other countries if the pipeline is built.
Amid all the Euroscepticism (sic) and xenophobic scaremongering so typical of the British tabloids, Britain forgets the advantage of cheaper goods would come with her entry into the European single currency.
A minimum wage increase would help to reduce race and gender inequality.
A minimum wage increase would hurt businesses and force companies to close.
A missile defense shield is a good alternative to a nuclear defense.
A missilie defense system is a pricey gamble.
Among students, heavy social media usage is correlated with lower grades.
A moral duty to play for your country
A mortal duty requires you to play for your country.
An additional runway would inevitably lead to pollution and noise issues.
An African Army will be a drain on the economy and ineffective.
An African Criminal Court would be better
An African voice would change priorities for the better
an african voice would give another point of view
An age group should not be the priority of the goverment.
An aggressive move by Labour would be to the left.
An amnesty policy will serve only to alienate regimes, shutting down the possibility of discourse or reform
An armed police force will deter criminal behaviour
An Arms race is the one outcome everyone wants to avoid, and an invasion could lead to that.
An assault weapons ban would stop the manufacture of many of the deadliest guns.
An assault weapons ban would violate the second amendment
A nation state can only expect itself to be able to protect the people
A nation state can only rely on itself for security
A nation state has only themselves to look out for them
An attempt to build up international support reinforces Israeli fears of a Palestinian state being used as a platform for attacks against them
A natural immunity is more effective than vaccines for resisting disease.
An AU force will be inexperienced
An educated population is for the benefit of the state
An education in university is an investment
An entire generation has been turned against the West and fundamentalist clerics have gained enormously in influence
A new constitution would be redundant.
An higher minimum wage would lead to healthier people and less premature deaths.
An identity card scheme is open to subversion and abuse
Animal habitats are threatened by the turbines used in wind power.
Animals are harmed when used as objects of entertainment, no matter how innocent that entertainment is
Animals are not percieved as part of the moral community when they are treated as property.
Animals as entertainment is always harmful to the animals
Animals can also die as a result of vegetarian diets.
Animals should not be treated as objects or property as doing so allows them to be treated amorally.
Animals will still die even if everyone were to follow a vegetarian diet.
Animosity Between Turkey and Existing Member States, i.e. Greece
An increase in minimum wage would result in a decrease of households living in poverty.
An independent Kosovo is not a viable state
An independent Scotland nation-state would give it more influence.
An independent Tibet would separate the borders of China and India, reducing potential conflicts between the two.
An independent Tibet would serve as a buffer state between India and China, reducing the chances of a regional clash
An independent trust fund discourages investment.
An individual cannot have liberty in a Socialist society
An influx in resources has led to inefficient leaders
An in or out referendum would be legitimate.
An intervention contradicts US policy.
An investment is university education
Anitbiotics aren't used in vegetarian foods.
Annexation is not needed where there is already extensive cooperation between the countries
Annexation of Lesotho would be detrimental to South Africa.
Annexation will allow the free movement of Basotho people, goods and services
Annexing in Lesotho  could be good for the people?
An NFL player, as a celebrity, can get people to notice and discuss issues by not standing for the anthem.
A no-growth funding policy would keep the operations in check
Anonymity online allows for free speech.
Anti-bribery laws are consistent with Government mandate and responsibility
Anti-bribery laws lead to increased inequalities and new loopholes (response).
Anti-Capitalist Values Not Conducive to Healthy Society
Anti-terrorism has proved it is necessary..
Anti-terrorism hurts the state.
Anti-terrorism laws allow the state to abuse it populus.
Anti-terrorism legislation indirectly evokes terrorism
Anti-terrorism legislation is not how we should fight terrorism
Anti-terrorism legislation promotes abuse of the state
Anti-terrorism legislation undermines democracies
An unborn baby is alive and their life begins at conception.
an unsafe and violent school environment is the affect of corporal punishment
Any changes in advertising should come from businesses themselves rather than through banning.
any conflict will rapidly de-escalate
Any country that fulfils the accession criteria should be allowed to join
Any cross border troop movements are a violation of sovereignty
Any decisions imposed by the previous Security Council risk being annulled when the new members rotate in.
Any large expenditure in one area will stimulate regeneration. Considering that the cost of hosting the London 2012 Olympics is predicted at £2.375 billion, expected to rise far higher, regeneration is the least that can be expected as a le
Any legislation would be impossible to enforce
Any method of imposing prevention in net neutrality will be a blow to internet freedom
Anyone can respond to critique.
Any referendum is legitimate in this case.
Any runway beyond the existing two would give rise to problems, including noise and pollution.
A Palestinian right of return would destroy the 'Jewish State' in Israel
A parent's vote should be counted as a vote in the interest of their child.
A part of university life is financial stress
A peaceful solution
A point on the path to peace
A poor decision for Labour would be a move to the left.
A positive of directly electing city mayors is that they would be more accountable than a council.
A potential drawback of social media on societies is that it opens users up to privacy invasions by government and private entities.
A progressive tax rate will cause the state to have undue powers.
A progressive tax rate will serve to promote economic growth.
A proper marriage is between two heterosexual people of different genders.
A publicly-funded inventor or researcher still deserves to profit from their efforts
A referendum could not provide the nuanced policy the UK needs
A referendum couldn't produce the nuanced policy that the UK needed.
a referendum is good pr option for the UK
A referendum will create a better political climate.
Arenas of potential conflict must be regulated
A Representative democracy can better accommodate a larger population
a representative democracy is the best idea.
A return to the gold standard may cause new problems, as can be seen through past events.
A return to the gold standard would not support a sufficient growth rate.
A return to the gold standard would stabilize the price of oil and slow the rise in gasoline prices.
Argument 1: PM serves interests of developing countries
Argument 2: UNSC sanctions become powerless without PM
A right to health care could cause people to overuse health care resources.
A right to health care could encourage entrepreneurship.
A right to health care could improve public health.
A right to health care could increase the wait time for medical services.
A right to health care could lower doctors' earnings.
A right to health care could lower the quality and availability of disease screening and treatment.
A right to health care could make medical services affordable for everyone.
A right to health care could save lives.
A right to health care could stop medical bankruptcies.
A right to healthcare is a building block for a fair soceity.
A right to health care is a necessary foundation of a just society.
A right to health care is not predicated in our United States founding documents.
A right to privacy – even if you are famous
A right to privacy is a universal right for all citizens.
Armed civilians are unlikely to stop crimes and are more likely to make dangerous situations, including mass shootings, more deadly.
arming police will not help
arming police will not help violence
Arming the police does not deal with the causes underlying violence
Arming the police is a necessary step
Arming the police makes communities feel safer
Arming the police will cause an escalation in criminal violence
Arming the police will do more harm than good
Arming the rebels would be unpopular
A robust missile defense shield will provide the protection previously afforded by the doctrine of Mutually Assured Destruction, allowing the US to dismantle much of its dangerous nuclear arsenal
Arranged marriages remains a personal choices and as such shouldn't be banned by the state.
Artefacts are enriched by being viewed in their place of origin
Artefacts should be accessible to the largest amount of visitors possible
Artefacts should be made accessible to the largest possible number of visitors
Artefacts should be repatriated....including the people which were stolen and scattered world wide!
Artifacts are best viewed where they came from.
Artifacts should be kept where they are safest so that everyone has access to them.
Artists are better off when using creative commons licenses.
Artists deserve to profit from their work and copyright provides just recompense
As a matter of precedent, Turkey should be allowed into the EU.
As a matter of principle, every country, including the United States, has the right to defend itself to the best of its technological and economic ability
As an extensive form of media, the Internet should be subject to regulation just as other forms of media are.
As an ideal it depends on all being equally well informed, thoughtful and rational. Unattainable.
As a secular institution, marriage can not be limited to heterosexuals only based on religious ideals.
As a tool for cultural integration
ASBOS breach basic principles of justice
ASBOs do not address the real problem
Asbo's dont work - swift punishment may prevent bad behaviour later
ASBOS encourage antisocial behavour
A second Earth on the moon is technologically feasible.
A sense of moral obligation to play for your country.
As far as we pay for the water we consume, we can use it as we wish.
A single army would enhance the political integration of EU members states
A slippery slope is created with a blanket commitment, it is unknown as to when they should intervene.
A slippery slope to forcing all countries to allow the vote at sixteen for all votes
A smoker should be allowed to smoke in any place that they have a choice to go to.
A smoking ban in public places is harmful to the economy
As opposed to other current alternatives, partial birth abortions are safer
A special EU wide tax on meat consumption would reduce the threat to the planet
Assault weapons are not necessary for self defence or hunting.
Assault weapons are not used for practical purposes like self defense or hunting.
Assault weapons are not used in most crimes
Assigning homework to students improves their level of achievement
Assigning large amounts of homework isn't good for students.
As smokers have a higher chance of harm from surgery due to complications arising from their habit, it is more efficient to prioritize non-smokers
as soon as a baby is conceived, it is a living being
a standing UN army is not possible to form
a state in financial trouble can not provide proper security
a state needs to be secure to provide its people with sercurity
A strategic missile defense shield will be an effective defense against ballistic missile attacks targeted at the United States and its allies
A strong leader has more benefits than harms
A strong military will yield success.
a strong UN can help get rid of atrocities
A strong United Nations commitment to the Right to Protect will create an effective deterrent to future atrocities.
A student can improve academically and become more competitive through the translation of important academic work.
As we grow we begin to realize that adults make mistakes and are sometimes wrong.
Asylum causes a set back for the feminist movements.
Asylum is the only way to protect women
A takeover would happen by the Big countries.
A tangible newspaper is more convenient than other alternatives.
A tax is not an effective instrument to fight obesity
A tax would not help to fight obesity .
Atheism does not include an explanation of the complexity of the universe.
Athletes are vulnerable to their coaches
Athletes should be able to make their own decisions.
Athletes should decide for themselves.
At least we get to change governments with the ballot, not the bullet.
A tribunal serves the same function as a trial by protecting the prisoner's rights.
Atrocities will be less likely with the possibility of war crime examination present.
At sixteen the brain is not developed enough to make decisions.
At sixteen there is a lack of maturity that is necessary to vote responsibly.
Attempting to ban it would only cause further problems
At the very least it slows people down
a two state solution can help both sides
A two-state solution is best for peace
a two state solution is the best way for peace
A united UN army can respond to any issues worldwide.
A UN joint army can be effective globally.
A UN standing army is simply impossible to form.
A UN standing army is unnecessary
A UN standing army would be ideally suited to respond to contemporary crises.
A UN standing army would be more effective in operations themselves.
A UN standing army would not be cost-effective.
A UN Standing Army would solve the problem of American military hegemony.
A vaccinated society is an economically strong society.
A variant means to sell the toys separately can be used as an incentive for future food discounts.
A Vegan diet would not be practical in most parts of the world
A vegetarian diet can help alleviate world hunger.
A vegetarian diet conserves water.
A vegetarian diet contributes to a healthy weight
A vegetarian diet delivers complete nutrition and can provide health benefits.
A vegetarian diet helps build healthy bones because vegetarians absorb more calcium than meat eaters.
A vegetarian diet is a healthier way to get iron than from a meat-based diet.
A vegetarian diet is better for the planet because it reduces greenhouse gases.
A vegetarian diet leads to lower greenhouse gas emissions.
A vegetarian diet lowers the risk of heart disease.
A vegetarian diet promotes a healthy weight.
A vegetarian diet provides a more healthful form of iron than a meat-based diet.
A vegetarian diet reduces overuse of antibiotics.
A vegetarian diet reduces the chances of developing kidney stones and gallstones.
A well-implemented progressive taxation scheme serve to promote economic growth
A well-managed fiat monetary system is the best way to keep inflation down, not returning to a gold standard.
A world government is not realistic.
A world government is too difficult to implement.
A world government would add another, laborious level of bureaucracy
A world government would be ineffective in practice
A world government would be inefficient.
A world government would foster a constructive cosmopolitanism
A world government would help us move forward as a whole.
A world government would take more power away from the people.
A world of technology needs education that uses said technology.
Background checks and micro-stamping to purchase a gun are an invasion of privacy.
Bad governments would abuse this plan.
Bad nutrition habits start during childhood.
Bad results can have a negative impact on an individual’s physical and psychological health.
balanced representation is better for everyone
balancing common deficits of the government for society
Balancing governmental deficits for common good of society
Balancing governmental problems for society
Ballistic missile attacks can be counteracted by a missile defense shield.
ballots need to be used to change ballots instead of bullets
ban music that glorifies crime because of the influence it has on children
Banning 3D printers is a waste of a chance at pure innovation.
Banning 3D printers is a waste of time.
Banning 3D printers wastes a chance for innovation
Banning advertising that is in poor taste will help both men and women see people as people and not as objects.
Banning advertising won't work
Banning bottled water removes a healthy choice and leads to increased consumption of unhealthy sugary drinks.
Banning bottled water restrict consumers ability to obtain water.
Banning bottled water restricts consumers' access to a product they want, and negatively affects small businesses.
Banning bottled water will negatively affect businesses.
Banning bottled water would protect local water supplies
Banning bottled water would save money, and public water fountains are convenient and plentiful.
Banning human cloning would be one way to protect families from harm.
Banning Junk Food In Schools Could Decrease The Frequency Of Heart Disease
"Banning ""junk food"" is not the answer because then students will simply bring their own ""junk food"" from home."
Banning Landmines is a step towards reducing the horror of war
Banning landmines would reduce how many innocent victims there are.
Banning loss leaders protects consumers from predatory marketing tactics.
Banning loss leaders will interfere in the market, causing a net economic loss for society.
Banning loss leaders would help suppliers
Banning partial birth abortions is accepted as a moral standard.
Banning partial birth abortions is in line with popular and accepted moral standards
Banning partial birth abortions shows our good moral standards.
Banning Playoffs Offer Greater Fairness
Banning smoking in public places is not right.
Banning smoking is a bad idea.
Banning smoking is not something that's necessary.
Banning smoking isn't necessary.
Banning the music would only make women seen more like victims
Banning this music that glorifies violence is totally impractical.
Banning toys in fast food meals will not create healthier food choices.
Banning weed will lead to other bans.
Banning would just encourage undergound use.
banning wouldn't stop people viewing them
Bans On Junk Food Have Been Successful
Bans on religious clothing could be a slippery slope
Ban would harm the wider economy
Based on the nutritional content of the the Coco leaf, growth in some countries is beneficial.
basic aim of festival forgotten
Beauty contests are culturally insensitive
Beauty contests are patriarchal
Beauty contests can be harmful to women and their self esteem.
Beauty contests objectify women
Because Cuba supports terrorism, it should have sanctions levvied against it.
Because of land titles, violence against women would come to an end.
Because of problems from surgery being higher due to complications from smoking, it's more efficient when prioritizing those who don't smoke.
Because Palestine is a legal entity, they should have the same rights as Israel
Because people are losing lives and our climate is changing
Because tablets are easy to use, students find them fun.
Because the legal arrangements created by intellectual property is complicated the cost of doing business is raised.
Because the United States is a very wealthy country, it should provide health care for all its citizens.
Becoming a vegetarian is healthy for the environment because people conserve more water.
Becoming vegetarian will not help alleviate world hunger.
before there is enough known about cannabis use it is wise to be careful
Before Tibet can be an independent nation, it needs to demonstrate that it can act apart from the pressures from China, India or the U.S.
being able to express, criticize and receive ideas is free speech
Being able to use the internet the Holocaust deniers can legitimize their organization and message in the eyes of consumers.
Being active on social media, helps seniors feel more involved in society at large.
Being a democracy means allowing the people to decide the government - Britain has that
Being an adult at 18 should be all encompassing across society, including drinking.
Being a part of a social media site can increase a person's quality of life and reduce the risk of health problems.
Being a performer can make the child physically vulnerable
Being a performer forces a child to grow up too fast.
Being a performer limits a child’s formal education
Being fat causes problems for everyone
Being free to smoke is a basic right that someone in a free country should have.
being involved with people who use cannabis exposes you to other drug use
Being involved with the EU causes instability
Being lenient with PED abuse quickly leads to an environment of competetive and  widespread skirting and abuse.
Being paid as a housewife is economically empowering
Being paid as a housewife promotes more positive images
Being single states would help both Palestine and Israel.
Being vegetarian helps the environment
Being vegetarian reduces risks of food poisoning
Beneficial for the player
Benefit from the increase in skills through their standard of living
“Benefits” of capital punishment apply universally
Benefits of hosting the olympic games.
Benefits to the nation
Better nutrition leads to a better student body.
Better nutrition leads to better students.
Better nutrition leads to more productive students.
Better than Ethiopia builds the dam and gets the benefits than an outsider.
bidding takes a long time
Big countries will dominate
Blanket commitment creates a slippery slope of when to intervene.
Blanket commitment makes a slippery slope of when to intervene
blanket commitment makes for a slippery slope
Blasphemy causes offence to groups and individuals
Blasphemy is just a way for Putin to go after his enemies.
Blocking content violates everyone's right to free speech.
Blocking specific sites will disrupt extremist agendas that could threaten the free world.
Blocking these sites is one of our best preventative measures in combating extremists.
Blocking these sites makes it more difficult for extremist groups to coordinate extremist action in the real world
Blood sports are not justified by their role in pest control or conservation.
Blood sports cannot be justified by reference to their role in pest control or conservation
Body image shaped in childhood can be conveyed into adulthood
Body image shapes are instilled in our minds from childhoods and into our adult lives.
Books are an open door to different life experiences and reading encourages social-emotional development and empathy.
Books are a portal to different life experiences and reading encourages empathy and social-emotional development
Books are more durable than computers.
books do not need constant maintenance and repair is cheaper
Both Romania and Bulgaria have joined the EU, so it is appropriate for Turkey to be allowed in as well.
Both Russia as a state and as an entire need a strong leader
Both sexes are encouraged lose respect for women when music depicts violence against women.
Both sides can only be helped if they have two separate states.
Both sides of a criminal case would benefit from intercepted evidence.
both sides will avoid threatening vital interests
Both socialism and communism have their roots in the idea of utopianism; all are unrealistic, unachievable and deny the nature and dignity of the individual.
Both the use and threat of nuclear weapons are illegal
Bottled water costs up to 1,000 times the price of tap water
Bottled water helps travelers avoid illness in areas with unsafe taps.
Bottled water is a healthy alternative to sugar drinks.
Bottled water is a practical emergency water supply.
Bottled water is expensive.
Bottled water is good where there is a lack of healthy water
Bottled water is important for travelers to avoid illnesss.
Bottled water is not environmental friendly.
Boycotting Euro 2012 will highlight Ukraine’s backsliding on human rights
braille is an important language to be preserved and protected
Braille should be offered the same protection as minority languages.
Brain function is inhibited by unhealthy foods.
Breeding of development and liberal democracy under dictatorial rule.
Breeding of white tigers leads to their suffering
Bring Africa out of poverty
Britain is a democracy because it allows the people to decide the government.
Britain should honour the 2016 vote
Britain should implement the vote in 2016.
Britain will lose economically if she stays out of the Euro over the long term.
Britain would have less of a say in how they deal with their economy if they gave up their sovereignty and joined the European currency.
Britain would have to follow the lead of Brussels if they joined the European currency.
british economy will take a hit
Broadband access should be accessible by all people in this age of technological advances.
Broadband access won't be an efficient service until it is provided through companies controlled by the state.
Broad-based access to broadband helps countries promote education and keep their businesses competitive too.
Broad-based access to broadband is essential for countries to be competitive and to excel
Broadcasting makes the proceedings less secretive and mysterious.
Broadcasting provides a public record
Broadcasting provides transparency to the public.
Building more prisons will just negatively affect the surrounding communities.
Bullfighting is a form of animal torture
Bullfighting is animal torture
Bullfighting is dangerous for humans and should be banned.
Bullfighting is too dangerous to humans to justify
Bullfighting should be treated like other forms of animal torture
Bullying is often cyclic behavior with the bully being a victim in life as well.
Bullys are frequently as disturbed and victimised as those they target
Bullys commonly have difficulties in common with their targets.
Bus driver's salary, and crowded transport.
Businesses and companies won't be able to survive, if minimum wage is increased.
Businesses bear the responsibility of self-policing themselves regarding sexist advertising.
businesses need transport to remain cost efficient; we need good business to get out of the recession
Businesses will be forced to lay of employees, if minimum wage is raised.
Business women are empowered through social media.
business women can improve their life by social media
By banning the music, women will continue to be viewed as helpless
By capping the weekly work hours, you also cap the growth the economy can achieve
By increasing the minimum wage, the poorest section of America is hurt more than any section is helped.
By leaving the EU, the UK would have less power in the region
By leaving the EU, they would lose the security they had shared
By reducing speeds, you can also reduce deaths
By removing permanent membership, the Security Council would be viewed as more legitimate, as it can better represent all regions of the world.
By scrapping tuition fees social mobility would be increased
by using corporal punishment you can cause serious mental and physical damage
Calzaghe...An All Time Great? Not a Puncher's Chance.
Canada is a free country, so we should be free to be able to smoke.
Can be reserved for the worst of the worst
Can cause Lung cancer
Can leave you financially worse off.
Cannabis is a gateway drug
Cannabis is harmful
cannabis makes you lazy
Cannabis opens the mind in a positive and beneficial manner
Can our brain/thoughts function without language?
Can release information that may be dangerous
Can't be used as blackmail if everyone knows it.
Can’t throw money at the problem
Can we understand concepts we don't have words for?
Cap and Trade is Better at reducing carbon emissions than a carbon tax.
Cap and Trade is cheaper
Cap and Trade is More Economical Than a Carbon Tax
Cap and Trade will Harm Energy Consumers
CAP is costly and unfair to other industries
Capitalism is less secure than socialist systems.
Capitalism replaced Socialism because it's the better system.
Capitalist principles are now being seen as a better option than Socialism even by the leaders of the Left.
Capital punishment is a comparatively small issue
CAP maintains European food security
CAP protects the quality of the food in EU
CAP revision should be a priority trade-off for Britain's EU rebate
Carbon dioxide emissions would be reduced by switching to hydroelectric dams
Carbon Taxes Are More Progressive both Politically and Economically than Cap and Trade
Carrying a concealed handgun could help stop a public shooting spree.
Carrying a concealed handgun increases the chances of a confrontation escalating and turning lethal.
Cases involving terrorism or national security issues may need to be limited.
Cases prove that vaccines have bad consequences for children’s health
Catalans clearly want self determination
Catalans desire self determination, it is clear.
Catalans have an aspiration for self determination.
Celebrities could be seen in an inaccurate view.
Celebrities could play out a certain lifestyle to the public but not actual live by it.
Celebrities endorse drug abuse
celebrities enhance the nations image
Celebrities have to get used to being in the limelight in the internet age.
Celebrities, like athletes, enhance the nation’s image and generate revenue
Celebrity behavior makes drug abuse look glamorous.
celebs help the nation
Cell phones are the most dangerous distractions.
Cellphones are used as an escape from the real world.
Cellphones are used to avoid emotional confrontation and real human contact
Cell Phones are worse than other distractions
Cell Phone Use is not necessary in vehicles.
Censoring Art Is Dangerous
Censoring art is extremely bad.
Censoring the depiction of smoking, will not change the choices individuals make.
Censorship is fundamentally incompatible with the notion of free speech.
Censorship of news can have a boomerang effect.
Censorsing news can result in unintended consequencs.
Centralisation can be necessary
certain children can appropriately be diciplined by corpral punishment
change the governments with ballots and not violence
Changing the wealth around to help income disparity
Cheaper drugs aren’t trusted by consumers
Childhood Vaccines are NOT Safe
child performers are good for movies and shows
Child performers are necessary for roles in some films, television shows, etc., and for the survival of some sports
Child performers are often pushed to grow up too soon.
Child performers are the only people who fit some of these roles
Child performers help films and sports
Child performers might be exploited.
Children are citizens like everyone else and voting does not have a qualification prerequisite.
children at 16 have no sense of decesion making
Children can access food without their parents knowledge
Children grow up too fast when they're performers.
Children learn how to behave from the entertainment they watch.
Children may endanger themselves by not understanding the public and viral nature of social media.
Children may not benefit from vaccines.
Children may not understand politics well, but neither do most voters
Children need to know the differences between religions and learning that in school would be a good first step.
Children of housewives spend more time with a loving parent and benefit from that attention.
Children should be allowed to have facebook accounts because privacy settings and parental conrols protect the children.
Children should know and learn about all religions
Children should not be exposed to inappropriate topics like sex, violence, or drug use in school or public libraries.
Children should not be exposed to sex, violence, drug use, or other inappropriate topics in school or public libraries.
Children should not be forced to pledge allegiance until they understand all the ramifications of such a pledge.
Children should not be sent to jail
Children shouldn't be pressured into performing.
Children's internet use should be monitored.
Children that perform are often pushed to grow up too soon.
Child sponsorship brings about greater understanding between people from different countries and cultures.
Child sponsorship gives more prominent comprehension between individuals from various nations and societies.
China is a threat to regional stability
China should have freedom of the seas.
China will simply get similar products elsewhere
Choosing cultural values are the rights of the people.
Christmas is about family and generosity, not buying things.
Christmas is more important than presents!
Christmas is too commercial and people have forgotten what it is really about
Circumvention of internet censorship will galvanize more severe, physical repression to compensate its need for security
CIRP would place power in the hands of authoritarian governments
Citizens and the world community have a right to be informed.
Citizens can resolve problems affecting them locally through the translation of various academic works.
Citizens have a right to know who is being elected to represent them
Citizens have the right to know about the health condition of their head of state.
Citizens have to be shielded by their city.
Citizens loose privacy with the graduate response policy.
Citizen's pride in the state of England would be harmed if seperation of the Church and state were implemented.
Citizens will take matters into their own hands.
City-dwellers are best off economically and socially when emigration to cities is restricted
Civil disobedience is a form of civil war
Civilians are hurt during the Israeli military operations.
Civilians are traumatized and often killed by United States drone strikes.
Civilians, including hunters, should not own military-grade firearms or firearm accessories.
climate change can be currently oberved in real time data
climate change theory is supported by physical data
Cloning harms families
Cloning is unsafe
Cloning should be acceptable if people cannot have children.
Cloning should be allowed for those who can’t otherwise have a child
Cloning violates human dignity
Cluster Bombs are too unreliable, so the U.S. should ban them.
Coalition government is a good thing.
Coca chewing is harmful and should be proscribed
Coca chewing is not equivalent to the consumption of hard drugs. It is no more harmful than drinking coffee.
Coca production can be justified on cultural grounds
Collective Bargaining can lead to overpaying the public sector.
Collective bargaining causes public sector pay crises
Collective bargaining counters the power of natural monopolies
Collective bargaining has been recognised as an enforcable right
Collective Bargaining Hurts the Democratic Process
Collective bargaining is a counter to the creation of natural monopolies
Collective bargaining is a necessary aspect of democracy
Collective Bargaining is a Right.
Collective bargaining is detrimental to democracy.
Collective Bargaining is Especially Necessary in the Case of Natural Monopolies
Collective bargaining is helpful with monopolies.
Collective Bargaining is Needed to Voice Opinion
Collective bargaining is not a right
Collective bargaining is undemocratic
Collective bargaining leades to pay crises in the public sector
Collective Bargaining Leads to an Overpaid Public Sector
Collective Bargaining leads to overpayment of the public sector.
Collective bargaining undermines the democractic process
College football wants to be exposed
Colleges and universities use social media to recruit and retain students.
colonialism caused an imbalance in the economy and needs to be corrected
Combating corruption
Combat is less of a risk when remote controlled weapons systems are used.
Commerce is Necessary for Holidays and Festivals
Commercialization effectively spreads the culture of holidays and festivals.
Commercialization Ruins Holidays and Festivals Worldwide
Common authorisation for wiretapping would result in misallocation of resources.
Communication regarding EU jargon would benefit within the EU if one universal language was used.
Communities are harmed by hydroelectric dams.
Communities nearby the prisons will suffer.
Community value will plummet with the building of new prisons.
Companies have the interest of controling internal corruption themselves.
Companies hire employees because they need workers, not because of corporate income tax rates.
Compared to other methods of transportation, the Hyperloop is inexpensive.
Competition in education leads to improvement in the quality of students and enhances their performance. Moreover, it helps evolve superior teachers, teaching methodologies and educational institutions.
Competition in sports while in school improves team building in the work place later in life
Competition with education enhances performance . Superior teachers evolve also.
Complaints about high federal corporate income tax rates causing high unemployment are unfounded because corporations are sitting on record amounts of cash.
Complete nutrition and health benefits can be had with a vegetarian diet.
compulsory science lessons can be damaging
compulsory studying may remove young people from the workforce
Compulsory studying would be taking young people out of the workforce
Computerized climate models could be misleading when it comes to the predictions of  accelerating human-caused climate change.
Computerized models produce inadequate and incorrect results in predictions of accelerating human-caused climate change.
Computer modelling showing 7 Global warming may not be accurate as there is no proof supporting it.
Concealed carry application requirements and background checks do not prevent dangerous people from acquiring weapons.
Concealed carrying of weapons results in a greater chance of a conflict becoming more intense to the point of death of one party.
Concealing online activities undermines a sovereign government.
Concentrating on religious freedom is too narrow, instead human rights in general should be considered
Conditional welfare is unfair.
Conditions at Guantanamo are unjust and unacceptable:
Conditions so bad in Lesotho, they could be annexed.
Conflict is centered around resources.
Conflicts and insecurity in the region will be resolved.
Conflicts can be circumvented with nuclear weapons
Conflicts in the economic interests of the countries make the long term cooperation more difficult to accomplish.
Conflict will be begin again if secession takes place.
Congress was appropriately and openly consulted
Congress was aware of the action as they were consulted
Connecting welfare to failure of parents is unfair.
Consistent and reliable wind energy isn't an option in all countries.
Constitutional documents are already in place.
Consumers don't place as much trust in drugs that are cheaper.
Consumers don't trust drugs that are cheaper than others.
Consumption of art is a choice and viewers are not forced to view it.
Content creators are suffering from file-sharing.
Content warnings are a slippery slope towards censorship.
Continuing with the Drone Strikes in the United States , would combat any Terrorists Network and plan to attack the country
Cooperation is available along many lines between Russia and the United States.
Cooperation will not occur between the ISP and this policy.
Corporal punishment can inflict long-lasting physical and mental harm on students.
Corporal punishment creates an unsafe and violent school environment.
Corporal punishment is an inappropriate punishment that harms the education of children.
Corporal punishment isn't a good idea when solving social problems.
Corporal punishment is the appropriate discipline for certain children when used in moderation.
Corporal punishment sets clear boundaries and motivates children to behave in school.
corporal punishment will negatively affect the school experience for chiildren
Corporate anti-bribery laws protect public health and safety
Corporates that attempt to address social issues damage political discourse.
Corporations and small businesses use social media to benefit themselves and consumers.
corporations can have a negative impact on politics
Corporations have only one goal, profit, human rights and environmental concerns be damned.
Corporations have record amounts of money, so complaints about high federal corporate income tax rates causing high unemployment are not valid.
Corporations reaps the benefit more than host country
Corporations see the benefit of free trade, making it unfair to the host country.
Corruption, an essential issue in Russia,  is due to the strong leadership
Corruption is ever-present in Russia and comes from the top-down.
costly for the hosts in a financial sense
Costs more to those who can’t afford to pay
Costs of monitoring intellectual property rights by states and companies outweigh the benefits, and is often ineffective:
Cost will make energy prices rise
Countries can depend on rainfall to get more water supply
countries have to right to self defense with nuclear weapons, even when they lack capacity in conventional weapon
Countries in the West have no responsibility to translate their academic work.
Countries need to design nuclear devices to adapt with changing defensive technology.
Countries water supply depend on rainfall
Countries will see an increase of friction over the plan.
Countries with high video game use see less gun violence
Countries with nuclear weapons have the ability to set their own agenda.
Countries with restrictive gun control laws have lower gun homicide and suicide rates than the United States.
court cases will be turned into circuses
Coverage of things such as swine and bird flu spread unnecessary unsubstantiated panic
Covering incidences of swine flu causes is likely to create an unsubstantiated panic.
Co-workers may need to take precautions in certain fields, so it is in the best interest of their safety that employees disclose their HIV status to their employers
Creates an easy to understand outline in support of Data Freedom.
Creates a sense of equality
Creating a database for DNA can help expedite the process of tracking down suspects.
Creating a level playing field for all applicants to college is the best way to create diversity.
creating a standing UN amry is not needed
creationism has no science support and need not be taught
Creationism is fact, according to a creationist
Creationism is not based on scientific principles
Creationism lacks scientific support, therefore should not be taught in a science lesson
Creationism should not be taught because it is not based on factual science.
creationism should not be taught due to lack of evidence
Creationism would need to be based on scientific support in order to be taught in these classes.
Creationist lessons may be damaging to some students.
Creation of job is central the the American Jobs Act
Creative commons is not a good option for many government works
Crime can be prevented by threatening the death penalty.
Crime goes down when marijuana is legalized.
Crime is reduced when drugs are legalized.
Crimes, like mass shootings, are unlikely to be stopped by armed civilians and would likely make it more dangerous, instead.
Criminalisation creates more problems than it solves
Criminalisation will not stop radicalisation
Criminalizing homosexuality in some African states is in need of a new policy direction, perhaps cutting aid to these states is the answer?
Criminals and black markets lose money when marijuana is legalized.
Criminals are better deterred from crimes when there is zero tolerance for crime.
Criminals can be caught using social media.
Criminals can find safe-haven in Sanctuary Cities
Criminals can use social media to commit crimes.
Criminals deserve to be punished.
Criminals do not respect laws and will still obtain guns.
Criminals use social media to commit and promote crimes.
"""Crowdsourcing"" and ""crowdfunding"" on social media allows people to collectively accomplish a goal."
"""Crowdsourcing"" and ""crowdfunding"" via social media, allows people to assist in a worthy cause."
Cuba deserves sanctions
Cuba has not demonstrated a willingness to negotiate in good faith with the United States.
Cuba is knows to sponsor terrorism so sanctions are appropriate.
Cuban citizens are paying the price for their government's actions.
Cubans can't join the digital era while under embargo due to lack of electronic access.
Cuba seems reluctant to genuinely engage with the US.
Cuba seems unwilling to negotiate with the US.
Cuba should be subject to sanctions because it is known to have repeatedly supported acts of terrorism.
Cultural integration can move forward from this.
Currently women are getting the most respected jobs.
Cutting aid could produce a change in policy direction
Cutting aid to any African states that criminalize homosexuality, could make changes in their policy direction.
Cutting off internet capability is against human rights
Cutting off the internet is the most viable means of stopping piracy.
Cutting taxes, no bailouts, and selective deregulation to keep market forces alive and promote efficiency.
Cutting web access is the most viable way to stop pirates
Cyberbullying and trolling are more common when people's internet activity is anonymous.
Cyberbullying may be reduced by parents' monitoring children's online communications.
Daesh and the Syrian civil war is nurture terrorism for export
Daggers can be used as weapons.
Damages dreams of African unity
Danger of censorship.
Danger to students
Deadly force  is justifiable for domestic violence.
Deadly side effects can result from vaccines.
Deciding what to translate is timely and costly.
Declaration of the faith is a key part of Christianity and that should be respected.
Declaring one's faith is something that should be allowed and respected by others
Decreased Conflict and the end of the mercenary age
Decreasing the wealth gap between the rich and the poor should be relatively easy.
Decriminalising increses sex workers’ rights.
Decriminalization would mean that sex workers would be given more rights
Deep ocean currents, not human activity, are a primary driver of natural climate warming and cooling cycles.
Defaulting would be the quickest route  to economic recovery
Defending hip hop artists’ right to free speech
Democracies are more likely to be economically successful
Democracies can't mobilize a country as fast as a dictatorship can.
Democracies do better at meeting economic needs.
Democracies need to eliminate dictatorships.
Democracies would be weakened from Anti-terrorism laws.
Democracy acts in the interest of the general population, which is good for development
Democracy is hurt by collective bargaining.
Democracy lets a country grow naturaly
Democracy requires collective bargaining
Democracy would suffer if there was no Facebook.
Democratic rule of law is the best ground for political stability and growth
Democratic systems should educate on smoking rather than restrict it
Democratising manufacturing gives people more freedom
Democratization  gives people more freedom.
Democratization  gives people more freedom than having to be limited to a company.
Demographics would be upset if polygamy was allowed.
Denying access to healthcare for smokers will hurt the economy
Denying access to healthcare for smokers will lead to thousands of people being turned away and potentially dying from preventable illnesses
Denying healthcare to smokers alone is victimization
Denying healthcare to smokers is a restriction on people's liberties
Denying healthcare to smokers is impractical
Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory and creates a second class of citizens.
Denying terminally-ill people last hope treatments is cruel
Dependence on oil needs to be reduced to ensure we do not end up slaves to others.
Depictions of glamourous and famous people smoking could be seen as an endorsement of the habit
Deregulation contributed to the banking crises and, therefore the 2009 economic crash
Deregulation Fuels Corporations to Behave Unethically, Devastating Human Rights and the Environment
Desalination plants can rapidly overcome water scarcity.
Despite attempts at aid it has only been detrimental to Africa.
Despite claims, congress was consulted.
Despite increased mortality and a depressing lifestyle, rural-urban migration must be controlled to prevent rapid urbanisation and disruption of the economy
Destroying the pleasure of watching certain sports
Deters future offences
Detrimental to womens rights
Developing countries can use this for autonomous purposes.
Developing countries' industries have a negative impact due to the FTAA.
Developing new products and the investment of time and money it takes is incentivized by intellectual property rights.
Development aid has too many strings.
Development aid still makes a difference
Development occurs when a dictatorship revert into democracy
Dictatorial regimes can move countries from civil wars toward development.
Dictator’s decisions undermines the people and are unaccountable
Dictators have incentives to promote development and diminish social differences
Dictatorship brings profit to dictators and its clique, but not to the citizens
Dictatorship helps achieve social stability
Dictatorship is a good breeding ground for personal discipline and order
Dictatorship is a threat to diversity and multi ethnicity
Dictatorship outperforms democracy in growth and economic develpment
Dictatorships are more effective than democracies at mobilizing resources for investment.
Dictatorships assure low cost political stability
Dictatorships better control the variables of human development
Dictatorships breed development and liberal democracy.
Dictatorships breed development though efficient and straighfoward decision making
Dictatorships can prevent social unrest
Dictatorships have a flexibility in economic policy that breeds growth
Dictatorships offer political stability by eliminating competition.
Dictatorships regimes can be a path for countries move on from civil wars and focus on development
Dictatorship will stop all path of development in a democratic country
Digital media cannot be trusted because it has copyright issues.
digital media has too many copyright issues and is less trustworthy
Digital media has too many issues with copyright issues and therefore is less trustworthy
Diplomacy is not going anywhere
Directly elected mayors provide opportunities for populists.
Directly elected mayors would be more accountable to constituents compared to a council.
Directly electing a mayor is the democratic way.
Disarmament is impossible, rendering efforts to disarm pointless and simply wasteful
Disarmament would actually cause increased insecurity among nations, as there can never be any guarantee that a nation has disarmed
Disarmament would actually cause increased insecurity among nations, it is near impossible to guarantee that a nation has disarmed.
Disarmament would actually cause increased insecurity among nations, you can never really know for sure whether they have disarmed.
Disarming illegal weapons
Disastrous impact on medical trials
Discriminating against the people who were formerly favored in university admissions does end discrimination, it perpetuates the problem.
Discrimination can be helped by affirmative action.
discrimination in sport should be removed
Discussing past convictions would hurt the defendant.
Disease testing and therapy might be worse if everyone has a right to health care.
Disengagement has done more harm than good in the region
Disestablishment sidelines all religious people.
Disposing of unanimity requirement would make it easier advance the long-needed federalization of the European Union
Disregarding Habeas Corpus protections sets a dangerous precedent for the treatment of the soldiers and citizens of the US and its Allies when captured by foreign forces.
Disrupting internet service is a form of repression.
DNA evidence can lower the chance that a wrongful conviction happens.
DNA evidence would reduce the risk of wrongful conviction
DNA testing can find things that a regular visit to your Dr. can not.
DNA testing companies are unreliable.
DNA testing is fallible, and therefore should not be used as the basis of convictions
DNA testing isn't 100% accurate, so it shouldn't be used to convict people.
Doctors must do what is needed for patient care.
Doctors must put living above everything else.
Does not provide guarantees for the protection of other Russian minorities
Does the place where speaking your mind is alright exists?
Doing so could mean that we are asking too much of technology
Doing so could solve the health care crisis
Doing so may encourage other countries to try something similar
Doing so would add more complications to elections
Doing this would not be the right thing to do.
Domestic and Global impact of such a tax will be too great.
Domestic courts are often incapable of providing a fair trial, when they fail the ICC fills the void.
Dominance of generic drugs will reduce reinvestment and innovation in donating countries
double dip recessions are caused by expiring tax cuts
Do we think in words? Are our thoughts in our native language?
Dramatic changes in precipitation, such as heavier storms and less snow, are another sign that humans are causing global climate change.
Drone Operators Have a Lower Risk for PTSD than Other Military Personnel.
Drone operators often suffer from psychological and emotional strain.
Drone pilots have a lower risk for post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) than pilots of manned aircraft and other battlefield soldiers.
Drone pilots have lesser chance of getting PTSD than other aircraft pilots.
drones are able to be more focused limiting collateral damage
Drones are acceptable to use under International Law
drones are far more cost effective that whole military units
Drones are less costly than fighting with soldiers
drones can be a more precise weapon
Drones Keep US Military Personnel Safer
Drones kill fewer civilians, as a percentage of total fatalities, than any other military weapon.
Drones make US military personnel safer.
Drones protect our military from enemies
Drones Result in Fewer Civilian Fatalities than Other Weapons.
Drone strikes abroad ensures the safety of foreign countries.
Drone strikes are allowed by local governments who believe it makes their countries more safe.
Drone strikes are a major threat to individuals, both physically and psychologically.
Drone strikes are carried out with the collaboration and encouragement of local governments, and make those countries safer.
Drone Strikes Are Carried Out with the support of Local Governments and Make Those Countries Safer.
Drone strikes are cheaper than engaging in ground or manned aerial combat.
Drone strikes are legal under international law.
Drone Strikes Are Legal under International Law
Drone strikes are legal under US law.
Drone Strikes Are Legal under US Law
Drone strikes are often not targeting high value targets.
Drone strikes are secretive, lack sufficient legal oversight, and prevent citizens from holding their leaders accountable.
Drone strikes are subject to a strict review process and congressional oversight.
Drone strikes can protect foreign countries in collaboration with the local governments.
Drone strikes can't reduce the number of terrorists.
Drone strikes cause a significant amount of localized trauma.
Drone strikes create more terrorists than they kill.
Drone strikes have done serious harm to civilians, partially through promoting emotional terror.
Drone strikes infringe upon the rights of other nations.
Drone strikes kill large numbers of civilians and traumatize local populations.
Drone strikes make the United States safer by decimating terrorist networks across the world.
Drone Strikes Make the United States Safer by Destroying Terrorist Networks Internationally.
Drone strikes may victimize non-threats.
Drone strikes mostly kill low-value targets who are not significant threats to US safety and security.
Drone strikes operations are deemed legal by US law.
Drone strikes target individuals who may not be terrorists or enemy combatants.
Drone strikes tend to increase the membership of terrorist organizations.
Drone strikes tend to only kill low value targets.
Drone strikes violate international law.
Drone strikes violate the sovereignty of other countries.
Drone Use is Cheaper than Engaging in Ground or Manned Aerial Combat
dropping debts may increase number non repaid loan to increase
dropping the debts may encourage borrowers to take advantage
Dropping the debts may encourage the debtors to purposely take out loans that they cannot repay
Dropping the debts will not help the population because of corruption
Drug addiction isn't the addict's fault.
Drugs are dangerous, and the governement should discourage its use
Drugs are safer when legal
Drugs become safer when they are legalized.
Drugs should be legal for everyone.
Due process is lost with the graduated response policy.
Due to physical difference between men and women, it's ok to have some positive discrimination towards women.
Due to surgery creating more problems for smokers that arise from their smoking, it's more efficient simply prioritizing non-smokers.
Due to the degrading nature of beauty pageants towards women, they should be banned.
Due to the Universal Right to Free Expression, the government has no right to interfere with the depiction of smoking in movies.
Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled, and the 20th century rise in global temperature is within the bounds of natural temperature fluctuations over the past 3,000 years.
Easily affordable drugs will mean greater access
Eastern European and post Soviet states would benefit from NATO expansion.
East Germans don't necessarily believe unification to be a success no matter who they vote for.
Eating a vegetarian diet can lead to less hunger around the world.
Eating GM foods is not the only way to be healthy.
Eating junk food can be detrimental to bone health.
Eating junk food can make it more likely to receive a diagnosis of diabetes.
Eating junk food leads to obesity.
Eating meat has been an essential part of human evolution for 2.3 million years.
Eating meat increases the risk of getting type 2 diabetes.
Eating meat is not cruel or unethical; it is a natural part of the cycle of life.
Eating meat is part of the cycle of life.
Eating meat provides a better source of iron than a vegetarian diet.
Eating meat provides healthy saturated fats, which enhance the function of the immune and nervous systems.
Eating More Meat is Linked to Higher Risk of Type 2
e-books use up far less storage space
Economica activity and job growth would be positively impacted by an increase in minimum wage.
Economic activity and job growth would result from raising the minimum wage.
Economically beneficial
Economic benefits
Economic benefits of ending sanctions
Economic benefits of the dam for Ethiopia
Economic Freedom In Action
Economic growth comes with closer integration with your neighbours
Economic growth is boosted by higher wages
Economic hardship would follow a public place smoking ban
Economic punishment is what Cuba should be subject to
Economic stability and growth is assisted by a strong, economically viable transport network.
economic stability are jepordized by loans
Economist think the gold standard is no longer viable.
Economy growth requires money be spent on the youth and next generation.
Education is a better tactic in the war on smoking.
Education is about teaching culture, the arts, and creativity
Education standards will be improved across the region
Education that is forced does little.
Elected Mayors would attract the best candidates to run for office.
Electing a mayor will help return to democratic  ideals.
Electing a mayor will improve democracy locally.
Electing a Mayor will revitalise local democracy
Electing a single language would hurt  the EU's efforts towards cultural diversity.
Electing mayors undoubtebly comes at a cost.
Elections would become more complicated.
Electronic communication facilitates sexual misconduct.
Eliminates a public health menace
Emphasis of personal private matters infringe on privacy rights of politicians.
Employees are constantly losing their focus due to social media.
Employees should be required to submit their criminal history in order to receive care services.
Employees should not waste time on social networking sites.
Employees who work from home are shown to be more productive than those who work in an office environment, supporting the decision for companies to move towards virtual offices in the future.
employers can search social media for new empolyees
Employers have no right to private medical information
Employers impose rules relating to conduct in the workplace, it’s one of the things that everyone accepts when they take and continue in a job.
employers would actually save money by not having to train new workers
Enabling free movement of labor across Africa will create unity and alleviate poverty.
Enabling free movement of labor may help with Alleviating African poverty and increasing productivity
Enacting gun control laws such as mandatory safety features would reduce the number of accidental gun deaths.
Encourages a culture of respect for human rights
Encouraging future female athletes
Endangered species protection also protects  the interests of humans.
Ending smoking means living a longer life.
Ending the embargo before the Cuban government meets the conditions specified by US law would make the United States look weak.
Ending the use of bottled water would save local water supplies.
Enemy combatants are not US citizens and as such they should not enjoy any protection which a US citizen enjoys under the Constitution.
Enforcement is nearly impossible.
Enforcing copyright legislation must be done in a fair manor.
Engaging with Hamas is the best way to secure a peace deal between Israel and Palestine.
English is spoken by a majority of Americans but for many it is a second language.
English is the national language of the U.S.
Ensures that all views are represented in political debate.
Ensuring net neutrality represents excessive government regulation and control over business.
Entirely natural theories can adequately explain the existence and development of the Universe and all it contains, making God irrelevant to the discussion of reality:
Environmental risks
Equalising media coverage will cause a drop in funding for sport in general
Equality and Univeral Suffrage
Equality Between the Sexes
Equality in the sexes is of vital importance.
Equality of opportunity
Equal rights should given to both same-sex households and opposite-sex households.
Establishes a Clear Brightline in Favor of Data Freedom
E-textbooks on tablets cost on average 50-60% less than print textbooks.
Ethiopia does not need another hydroelectric dam
Ethnic borders erase a wrong of history
Ethnic borders return societies to their logical segments and undoes the inequity that was artificially created.
EU elections would discourage voting among young people.
EU elections would put young people off voting
EU member states would be in a stronger position with an army.
EU Should Push Forward Equality for All of its Citizens Regardless of Sexuality
Even after the recession, there will still be public transit needs
Even a successful move for statehood would place the United States in a challenging position, and alienate American opinion which the Palestinians are dependent on
Even giving out a little information can be dangerous
Even if atheism was wrong and God did exist His seeming lack of interest and interaction with the Universe as far as humans can perceive means his existence is irrelevant:
Even if banned, child performers would still be hired, although now without protection.
Even if interventions to protect human rights don't have huge success, even small successes are powerful
Even if negotiation with one group is successful others will take their place
Even if the minimum wage is increased, Americans will be hurt by a decrease in employee benefits and an increase in tax payments.
Even if the outcome is a stable democratic Iraq, the war was still a costly, illegal, ideologically-driven mistake
even left side leaders have accepted capitalism pirnciples and have given up on socialism as a creed
Even sites that appeared innocent have had a devastating effect on society.
Even taking into account how distracting mobile phones can be, every child should have access to a phone.
Even the leaders of the Left have given up on Socialism as a creed and have now accepted the vast majority of modern Capitalist principles
Even the left fielders are now accepting capitalist principles over socialism in term of real way of life
Even the most innocent of entertainment using animals harms the animals.
Even though a vocal group of religious people disagrees with gay marriage, there is a growing number of religious leaders who support it and can back up their opinions with scripture.
Even though creationism does not have scientific basis, it should be discussed at school.
Even though hosting the olympics is very expensive it is worth the effort.
Even though it has seen some success, the UN hasn't stopped the rush of resources leaving the country.
Even though someone took food thrown out by a supermarket, they could sue the supermarket if they get sick.
Even though the UK needs it , a direct vote couldn't provide the subtle policy.
Even though the UN has reported success in the Democratic Republic of Congo, there have been disturbing allegations of misconduct by peacekeepers in the area.
Even when we imagine the best outcome, which is a democratic Iraq, the war was undoubtedly  illegal, expensive, and a bad idea.
Every country, including the United States, has a sovereign right to defend itself with every available means necessary
Every individual has the right to higher education.
Everyone can choose their own beliefs. Nobody should be forced to follow a specific religion against their will.
Everyone deserves a right to privacy, regardless of wealth or status.
everyone deserves free speech
Everyone deserves the equal opportunities presented by free universities.
Everyone, even extremists, deserve their freedom of expression protected
Everyone has a right to freedom of expression
Everyone has the ability to access wikipedia
Everyone has to pay the same prices
everyone involved should have fair and equal representation
Everyone is not equally equipped to make good decisions.
Everyone makes mistakes and people should be allowed to learn from them and move on.
Everyone saw the extent of damage caused several years ago when the Hollywood, CA police department was completely outgunned.  The police had to break into a gun store to get better fire power.  Many lives could have been saved if they had the proper fire power in the first place.
everyone should be able to speak freely
Everyone should be allowed free speech.
Everyone should be punished in the same way.
Everyone should be treated equally
Everyone should have a right to health care.
Everyone should have the resources to live a healthy, productive life.
everyone should have the right to privacy.
Everyone wants to avoid an Arms Race, and an invasion could trigger just that outcome.
Every sovereign nation has the right to defend itself by all means necessary
Evidence needs to be more reliable than intercept evidence if it is to used in court.
Evil does not have a root.
Evil is pervasive, it doesn't have a sole source.
Excersizing the option of negotiation avails more resources for the terrorist to make their stand.
Excessive meat production threatens the world’s biodiversity
Excessive publicity of terrorist acts corrupt good decision-making by placing undue focus upon terrorism.
Exclusive content and internet speeds can be prevented with net neutrality.
Execution helps alleviate the overcrowding of prisons.
Execution prevents the accused from committing further crimes.
Exerts a preference for conventional families
Expanding the Right to Marry Serves the State
Expansion is inevitable.
Expansion is in the interests of NATO
Expectations of people is an commitment that is unreasonable.
Expiring Tax Cuts Would Cause a Double Dip Recession
Explanation of police body camera effects.
Exposing children to performance pressure is unethical.
Exposing terrorism can be done through publicity.
Extreme measures for illegal downloaders won't stop file-sharing
Extreme weathers events are caused by nature, not human activity.
Extremist parties will rise under PR.
Extremist should not be allowed to use internet
Facebook allows people to be social together
Facebook allows us the free sharing of ideas and information.
Facebook can give us a wealth of information.
Facebook cannot monitor all users nor validate user information
Facebook encourages socialisation
Facebook has a negative impact on learning
Facebook has some dangerous consequences
Facebook hurts people's ability to learn and retain new information.
Facebook is good for democracy
Facebook provides an information point
Facebook will become another web-based venue for sexual predators fishing for jailbait
Face coverings like niqab are a part of their religion and should be allowed.
Factionalism is too strong
Failing a law degree can be extremely costly.
Failing states should not be provided a safety net
Fair use can be misused
Fair use isn't failsafe and can be used in direct contention against the original intent of the law.
Fair use is prone to abuse.
fall-back option in a bad economy.
Families are harmed with cloning
Fans would not benefit from playoffs.
Farmers can’t survive
Farming meat can produce less pollution than companies that process vegetarian proteins like tofu.
Far reaching magazines should be banned because they often turn murder into mass murder.
Fastest possible transportation over a short distance
Fear of a Backlash Due to Turkey's Political and Religious Influences
Fear of prosecutions cause leaders to do more damage
Features like parental control and privacy settings make it easier
Federal legislation that lowered the corporate tax rate has resulted in companies cutting jobs and disproportionally benefiting already wealthy shareholders rather than workers.
Federal legislation that lowered the corporate tax rate has resulted in reduced unemployment and increased worker benefits.
"""Feel-good factor"" can be national."
Feminists shouldn't allow women to sell their bodies for porn.
Fetuses are incapable of feeling pain when most abortions are performed.
Fetuses feel pain during the abortion procedure.
fewer people are getting killed by guns so no new laws are needed
fewer troops are exposed to dangers when drones are employed
Few would approve arming Syrians.
Fiction glorifies violence.
Fighting bulls have a better quality of life than meat-producing bulls
Files can be shared to any other tablet for easy sharing.
File-sharing will still happen, despite these plans
Files on one tablet can be downloaded onto any other tablet, increasing flexibility and convenience for teachers and students.
Files on tablets can be easily shared.
Film does not directly influence the actions and decisions of individuals
Films have the right to free expression, therefore there is no right to ban smoking in films.
Filtering hate speech will keep it out of the mainstream and out of our lives.
Financially costly for the hosts
Financial stress are a part of university life
financial stress is part of university life
Financing national defense will become an issue if the United States returns to the gold standard.
Firms and individuals misallocate resources trying to race others to the same goal, and spend resources stealing from one another:
Fixating on personal lives results in infringing the rights of more than just the politicians themselves
Flexibility of mobile clinics
Flogging will be over-utilised, rehabilitation will be under-utilised
Focusing on uniforms takes attention away from finding genuine solutions to problems in education.
Focus on the personal lives of politicians infringe upon their right to privacy.
Foetal rights imposes a threat on the autonomy of women
Foetal rights should not supercede the personal rights of women.
Foetal rights threaten a woman's right to choose what is best for her own body.
Football is political and we love to analyse
For a big electorate, a Representative democracy can deal with it easier
For a student to pay tuition fees plus books living and other costs is too expensive
Forced education achieves little
Forced Education Achieves Little
Forced evictions are a common path used towards forming Eco-Cities.
Forced evictions are a natural path of development.
Forced evictions are inhumane, and make state violence an increasing reality in African cities.
Forced evictions are necessary to change perceptions.
Forced evictions are political land grabbing.
Forced evictions cause unsafe situations in African cities.
Forced evictions don't help with the crisis in housing.
Forced evictions pave the road for African cities to set a trend towards Eco-Cities.
Forced evictions will aid in global solutions such as Eco-cities.
Forced evictions will create cities without slums in the long-run.
Forced evictions won't solve the housing crisis.
Forced marriage is a barrier to integration
Force does more harm than good.
Force feeding can help psychologically.
Force feeding strategies may cause physical harm
Forces people to rush and go for jobs they genuinely can’t do.
"Forcible ""liberation"" is contrary to the principle of self determination"
Forcible liberation is not moral.
Forcing someone is detrimental to themselves.
For developed countries, having the FTAA would be bad for their labor
Foreign aid benefits the United States
Foreign aid isn't being distributed efficiently by NGOs.
Foreign aid is something that benefits the United States if it engages in it.
Foreign companies benefit most from the relationship.
Foreign companies gain most of the profits
Foreign governments can be spied on.
for having a fair competition many bright students have to suffer: reservation
For optimum nervous and digestive health, b12 from meat is ideal.
For those who can't conceive, cloning should be an option.
France and Britain should be willing to give up their seats for the European Union.
Freedom, liberty, and justice for all are important, and if someone feels the US is not honoring that, they are free to not stand for the anthem.
Freedom of Choice
Freedom of expression is a basic right.
Freedom of expression is a means to education
Freedom of expression is a political right
Freedom of expression is a right.
Freedom of expression is a right guaranteed to all, and reducing or eliminating those freedoms is never acceptable.
Freedom of expression is everyone's right.
Freedom of expression, like any right is fairly meaningless if it’s only respected when it’s convenient.
Freedom of speech
Freedom of Speech
Freedom of Speech is a Universal Right
Freedom of speech should be upheld, no matter what.
Freedom of the Press is essential for a lasting democracy
Freedoms are not earned or deserved they are given to all people equally and no one should determine which agendas are too extreme to receive this protection.
Free expression is an inalienable right.
Free expression is common at universities.
free labour markets are good for migration
Free movement across Africa will benefit productivity and alleviate poverty.
Free movement of labor across Africa will alleviate poverty and create unity.
Free movement will provide benefits for productivity.
free press allow for democratic society
free press is a vital building block for democratic society
Free speech allows challenges to orthodox beliefs
Free speech allows for free thinking.
Free speech applies to all speech.
Free speech covers opinions regardless of topic.
Free speech is a right that should be allowed online.
Free speech is as much about being able to receive the ideas of others as it is about expressing one’s own.
Free speech is bad for national security.
Free Trade Area of the Americas is a great threat to our environment
Free trade in lieu of embargo can promote Cuban democracy.
Free trade is dangerous
Free trade is good for development and growth.
Free trade is more dangerous than aid.
Free trade is not Free Trade    : Labor welfare for the price of macroeconomic indicators growth
Free trade, not the isolation of an embargo, can promote democracy in Cuba.
Free trade should be celebrated throughout all American countries.
Free universities would promote equal opportunities, a right all deserve.
Free university education can unjustly give benefits to some in society at other peoples' expense.
Free university education unjustly benefits one subset of society at the expense of everyone
Free university provides equal opportunities to all which is a right of individuals.
Freezing the budget will result in greater discipline in spending.
From a logical standpoint same sex marriage is illogical.
FTAA can hinder industries in growing countries.
FTAA could take away people's jobs in developed countries.
FTAA does no good for the environment.
FTAA hurts domestic employments in developed countries.
FTAA is bad for labour in developed countries.
FTAA is bad for the environment.
Fuelling an atmosphere of religious and cultural tension in Britain.
fuels discontent between religions
Funding broadband internet is a meaningful expenditure for each country.
Funding technologies to evade censorship could have immense benefits for very little cost
Further expansion of NATO will antagonise Russia
Future atrocities would be deterred if the United Nations took a strong commitment to the Right to Protect.
Future conflict can be prevented through South Ossetian independence.
Future-wise speaking, the military operations are promoting peace.
Gains can go backwards
Gains may be reversed; events can’t be foreseen
Games do not influence the player
Games have no influence on players
Gauntanamo Bay is detrimental to foreign relations for United States.
Gay couples should be able to take advantage of the fiscal and legal benefits of marriage
Gay marriage is contrary to the word of God and is incompatible with the beliefs, sacred texts, and traditions of many religious groups.
Gay marriage is good for society
Gay marriage is protected by the US Constitution's commitments to liberty and equality.
Gay marriages can bring financial gain to federal, state, and local governments and can help boost the economy.
Gay marriage will not be a positive boost to the institution of marriage.
Gay marriage would improve all marriages.
Gay - Nature or Nurture?
Gay people are going to hell.
Gay people have the right to a family life.
gay people should be able to marry
Gay people should have the same human rights as Heterosexuals
gay should not be refused to marry
gays should be able to use thier rights
Gender equality is based on fundamental human rights endorsed by the EU which needs to be addressed
Generic drugs threaten innovation.
Genes are intellectual property thus patentable
Genetically modified food is no different from any other scientific advance, thus should be legal to use.
Genetically modified food should be legal to use because it is no different from any other scientific advance.
Genetically modified organisms can solve the problem of food supply in the developing world.
Genetics make a difference in how your body reacts to different circumstances.
Genocide and mass atrocity prevention should be the responsibility of the United Nations.
Georgia and Ukraine wants to be an ally.
getting and abortion can cause phycological damage for the mother
Getting rid of dictators is a top interest for democracies.
getting rid of something doesnt nessecerily mean that it stops.
Getting the word out about how to vote on social media gives more people the chance to participate.
Give it to the Roma.
Given the fact that it is currently unsafe, it is in the public's best interest to ban human cloning.
Giving Africa a voice would improve priority
Giving everyone access to health care can lower costs by eliminating the reason for those high costs.
Giving land titles to women now would lead to an equal playing field in the future.
Giving money to the poor is the fairest way of eliminating poverty
Giving Out Personal Information Is Dangerous
Giving Syrians extra assistance with weapons would be unpopular.
giving to poor prevents poverty
Glaciers grow and recede by nature. Humans aren't responsible for it.
Glaciers have been growing and receding for thousands of years due to natural causes, not human activity.
Globalisation has made socialism impractical to implement
Global relations between countries and academias benefit from fewer and more universal languages being implemented.
Global temperatures have always been changing despite Co2 increases
Global warming and cooling are primarily caused by fluctuations in the sun's heat (solar forcing), not by human activity.
Global warming caused by human-produced greenhouse gases is causing the Arctic ice cap to melt at an increasing rate.
GM can make crops easier to grow by making them resistant to insects and herbicides.
GM makes crops resistant to insects and herbicides, improving their ease of growth.
GMOs would create too much dependency on biotechnology companies
GM reduces the difficulty of growing crops by making them resistant to insects and herbicides.
God condemns gay marriage in the Bible and it is not supported by a lot of churches.
GOES AGAINST BRITISH VALUES AND FREEDOM OF RELIGION
Goes Against Wider US Policy
Go Green with Ebooks
Going left is step back not a step forward
Going left would actually be a step backward
Gold mining creates environmental and cultural harms.
Gold retains a value that has been recognized across the globe throughout history.
Gold standards create periodic deflations and economic contractions which destabalize the economy.
Good food helps create better students
Good food is better for students
Google will help Chinese internet freedom more by staying
Gorbachev did not tear down the wall.
Gossip is important for moulding society
Gossip is not necessarily destructive
Gossip isn't always detrimental.
Governemnt needs more power over fast food advertising to force children to make the correct choices about their food.
Government and citizens are often not the same entity.
Government control of internet is repression.
Government have illegitimate reasons behind lowering the speed limit
Government intrusion via the graduate response policy violates privacy.
Governments and corporations have been complicit in an effective ‘privatization of language’.
Governments are actively involved in helping to stifle hate speech by imposing penalties.
Governments have a moral duty to protect its citizens from harmful sites.
Government's Obligation to Benefit Citizens
Governments of resource-rich nations should impose high taxes on mining and extraction.
Government spending is the only way to increase much needed consumption
Governments should enact laws that impose penalties on websites that promote hate speech.
Governments should not allow forums for hate speech to flourish
Governments should not discourage people from their identity
Governments that disrupt internet service are repressing their people.
Government supervised redistribution of wealth is ineffective
Government supervised redistribution of wealth is inefficient
Government supervision of wealth redistribution is inefficient.
Government tends not to like creative commons.
Government tyranny is likely if the government takes away guns from citizens.
GPs prescribing cheaper drugs would save the government and the NHS money
Granting Foreign Workers Suffrage would Protect Them from Human Exploitation
Grey goods allow for more money to leave the country and harm the economy.
Grey goods come into the country, but money goes out, weakening the economy.
Grey imports limit a company's control over its own products.
Growing marijuana harms the environment.
Guantanamo Bay creates an image of Muslim discrimination that continues to increase terrorist sentiments.
Guantanamo Bay is a Symbol of Muslim Discrimination that Fuels Terrorist Sentiments
Guantanamo Bay’s Lack of Transparency Counters American Interests.
Guantanamo Bay Violates Fundamental Human Rights.
Gun control efforts have proved ineffective.
Gun control laws and lower gun ownership rates do not prevent suicides.
Gun control laws can reduce societal costs associated with gun violence.
Gun control laws decrease the sense of individual safety and the right to self-defense.
"Gun control laws, especially those that try to ban ""assault weapons,"" infringe upon the right to own guns for hunting and sport."
Gun control laws give too much power to the government and may result in government tyranny and the government taking away all guns from citizens.
Gun control laws infringe upon the right to self-defense and deny people a sense of safety.
Gun control laws such as background checks and micro-stamping are an invasion of privacy.
Gun control laws take power away from the people and set up an environment ripe for tyranny.
Gun control laws will not prevent criminals from obtaining guns or breaking laws.
Gun control laws would prevent citizens from protecting themselves from foreign invaders.
Gun control laws would reduce the societal costs associated with gun violence.
Gun violence is less prevalent in countries with high video game use.
Habeas Corpus has often been suspended in times of conflict, when it has been deemed necessary.
Habits Are Often Formed During Childhood And It's Important To Ensure That Kids Eat A Healthy Diet In School
Hacks always negatively affect someone.
Hacks as artistic expression.
Hacks as political statements.
Hacks to improve a product.
Hand Guns Are Required For Self Defence.
Handguns are uniquely dangerous when compared with other weapons
Handheld technological devices including tablets are associated with a range of health problems.
Harmful speech needs to be filtered
Harming animals for entertainment is immoral
Harsher punishments result in less crimes
Harsh interrogation is not necessarily an effective tool for extracting valuable information.
Harsh training methods aren’t necessarily abusive.
Hate groups use social media to get their message out there.
Having an African voice would make sure that their priorities are in order
Having an army would make the member states stronger politically.
Having an EU army would hinder diplomatic efforts with the USA.
Having a no-growth funding policy would make the operators more disciplined
Having artefacts in different locations encourages us to think of our common origins
Having a strong leader will have more benefits than flaws
Having bad results impacts a person's health.
Having increased gun control laws would reduce deaths by guns.
Having integration would solve to border problem
Having less work hours opens the door for more employees
Having the FTAA would have a negative impact on the environment
Having this motion goes against the presumption of innocence.
Having to get a new identity card is a pain and people will fight against it.
Having trial by jury for people accused of very small offences is a waste of resources.
Having warnings could lead to the censorships of books.
Health and safety officers can quickly and easily provide important information to the public when needed.
Health care for all might cost more in taxes.
Health insurance's individual mandate is constitutional.
Healthy competition is a symbol of a flourishing society. It provides a fair and equal opportunity to all the players in the market.
Healthy weight can be achieved with a vegetarian diet
Heart disease can be caused by junk food.
Heavy handed approaches do not solve the motivations for poaching
Heavy punishments such as striping an athlete of their medal should be person-specific.
Heavy scrutiny forces politicians to dedicate themselves fully to their public service
He did not stand by the sidelines, he 'trusted his eyes'.
He has beaten the best of his generation
Help reduce poverty with remmittance
Helps avoid political stunt trials
Helps Ukraine financially
Heterosexuals shouldn't enjoy greater rights than homosexuals.
He was not in his right mind
High-capacity magazines could be banned because they too turn murder into mass murder.
High-capacity magazines should be banned because they too often turn murder into mass murder.
Higher education is the right of all.
Higher taxes encourage tax avoidance
Higher wages boost economic growth
High-level education likes the use of tablets over textbooks.
High-level education officials support tablets over textbooks.
High Mining Taxes would Balance the Economy
High positions are still mostly held by men.
High Speed Rail is Better Than Air Travel
Highspeed Rail is Better than Upgrading Old Infrastructure
High Speed Rail is Dangerous
High Speed Rail is environmentally friendly
High Speed Rail is Not Currently Economically Viable
High speed rail travel can result in deadly crashes.
High speed rail travel is green.
High speed rail travel is planet safe.
High Speed Rail will not be a successful long term business investment.
High taxes on mining and extraction would cause many adverse affects on the country and its citizens.
High taxes protect domestic resources.
High tax on cars is not value for money if you have to drive at a snail's pace
hip hop artists have a right to free speech
His removal provides stability and security not only for Iraq but for the Middle East as a region
History indicates that a return to the gold standard may initiate more problems than it solves.
his track record was unpopular
Holding a referendum is a civil right.
Holding a vote would be inconsistent with the UK's democratic traditions.
Holocaust denial sites are an attack against those Jews, gypsies, priests and Nazi resistors.
Holocaust denial sites are an attack on group identities
Home schooling can be the only alternative
Home schooling gives children a different perspective, more inclusive of others they live around.
Homeschooling if financially helpful.
Home schooling increases civic involvement
Homeschooling Is Economically Beneficial
Home schooling is good for the community.
Homework allows parents to be involved with their child's learning
Homework allows students to explore and learn beyond the instruction they are given in the classroom.
Homework can get parents involved
Homework disadvantages low-income students
Homework doesn't help low-income students succeed.
Homework ensures that students practise what they are taught at school
Homework has little educational worth, and therefore is a waste of students' time
Homework helps involve parents
Homework helps parents understand what their children are learning.
Homework helps to reinforce learning and develop good study habits and life skills
Homework improves student achievement
Homework is an essential part of education, allowing students to learn information beyond that which they are taught at school.
Homework is beneficial because of parent/child involvement
Homework is crucial to a well rounded education as it is the means by which students are encouraged to learn beyond the school curriculum.
Homework is good for learning
homework is good for students
Homework is good to create study habits
Homework provides a link between child, school and the home
Homework puts students off learning
Homework teaches good habits and responsibility
Homosexuality exists in nature and is therefore part of God’s plan
Homosexuality is a sin in the Bible
Homosexuals should have the same rights as straight people.
Homosexuals would Change the Institution of Marriage for the Better
Host countries are not treated fairly when corporations see most of the benefits of free trade.
Hosting costs a lot
Hosting has wide-reaching economic benefits
Hosting is good for economy
Hosting is very expensive
Hosting only affects one city
Hosting stimulates regeneration in local areas
Hosting the Olympic Games for the first time can be historic for a nation.
Hosting the Olympics can be more trouble than it's worth for those who live there.
Hosting the Olympics has a positive impact on local areas.
Hosting the Olympics may require an investment of resources but the localities will reap the rewards.
Hosting the Olympics will bring revenue to surrounding areas as people flock to the games.
Household 3D printing can, in the short term, destroy developing economies
House printers are destroying developing economies in the short term.
Housewives are entitled to pay
housewives give children the attention they need
Housewives have more time and energy to spend on their children.
Housewives would lack incentives to find better paying, more fulfilling work
Housing costs would only go up if the minimum wage is increased.
How can this be a free Canada, if our right to smoke in public is taken away?
how effective the African Union is
How sustainable?
Human anatomy has evolved to support a primarily vegetarian diet.
Human-caused global warming is changing weather systems and making heat waves and droughts more intense and more frequent.
Human dignity is definitely violated with Cloning.
Humanitarian intervention becomes impossible in states that possess nuclear weapons
Humanitarian missions would not be possible in states that have nuclear weapons.
Human rights are infringed if internet use is removed
Human rights are more important that the rights of lower animals.
Human Rights are violated by the continued use of Guantanamo Bay.
Human rights demand that we are free to express our religion.
Human rights trump those of lower animals
Humans can choose their own nutrition plan
Humans ultimately devalue their own lives when using animals as objects of sport.
Hurting animals for fun is immoral
Hydorelectric dams have benefits for flood control and for irrigation.
Hydroelectric dams are beneficial in that they are a cheap form of renewable energy
Hydroelectric dams can benefit the environment by reducing the emission of carbon dixoide
Hydroelectric dams can be used to provide flood control and irrigation
Hydroelectric dams cause serious problems in our communities .
Hydro electric dams contribute to the destruction of existing ecosystems .
Hydroelectric dams destroy communities
Hydro electric dams destroy existing ecosystems
Hydroelectric dams harm the natural environment.
Hydroelectric dams help provide flood control and provide a water source for crop irrigation.
Hydroelectric dams increase methane emissions
Hydroelectric dams negatively affect local areas.
Hydroelectric dams provide cheap access to renewable energy
Hydro electric dams reduce carbon dioxide emissions
Hydroelectric dams serve a second purpose by controlling floods and irrigation
Hydro electric dams threatens to destroy existing ecosystems
Hydroelectric dams  work to destroy our communities .
ICC does not have same problems as other legal systems
ICC is biased against Africans
ICC is cheaper
ICC necessary to provide fair trials
ICC referal would fuel the conflict further
ICC treats Africa differently
ICC trials violate the due process guarantees of the US constitution
ID cards will allow the police more quickly to identify suspects and people they arrest.
ID cards will help combat illegal working and reduce illegal immigration to the UK
ID cards will help protect cardholders against identity theft and fraud
ID cards will help to confirm your eligibility for public services and benefits – and reduce fraud relating to these services and benefits
ID cards will lead to increased discrimination
ID Cards will not protect us from terrorism and crime!
ID cards will provide a reliable way of checking the identity of people in positions of trust
Identity cards are inconvenient and people won't like them.
Identity cards can assist in the efficient monitoring of immigration
Identity cards confer advantages on their users
Identity cards improve public safety
Identity cards provide immigration monitoring.
I disagree.  Four of his five good fights were his oppenents best fights.
If abortions were legalized, more people would engage in irresponsible sexual behavior.
If abortion were legalized, the principle of life affirmation would be violated.
If a citizen has access to health care, they are less likely to get sick and not participate in the workforce.
If a city has an elected mayor, its profile increases.
If all Americans are guaranteed health care, the overall quality of disease detection and management might be lower.
If all Americans have health care, people might burden hospitals by going to much.
If all member states held a referendum on all EU treaties nothing would get passed.
If a nation hosts the Olympics, it will give new life to the local economy.
If a referendum is not allowed violence may be the result
If cannabis was legalized, it could be regulated
If child performers were banned, many children would find a way to perform illegally, now without legal protection.
if children were banned from performing, some would do it anyways
If criminals want to obtain guns, they will no matter the laws.
If developing nations place restrictions on rural-urban migration, the potential for poor rural citizens to improve their quality of life will be lost in these regulations.
If dropped, Third World Countries may decide to take more loans with the hopes of not paying them back
If education is free, students may put in less effort and get less out of it
If every child had access to a mobile phone, our society would raise children who are more independent.
If every child had a mobile phone, they would be able to learn faster and better.
If everyone has access to health care, it can catch disease early on.
If free university education is offered then it can give benefits to some in the social system while causing an expense to others.
If gay couples don't get married it means they lose benefits through the legalization of gay marriage.
If gay marriage is banned, there is likely to be increased rates of psychological disorders.
If generic drugs flourish innovation will decrease.
If GM foods are allowed, then it might extend further and further.
If governments track people without warrants then people lose trust in the state.
If I choose to go somewhere, I should be allowed to smoke there.
If independent, Republika Srpska wouldn't survive economically.
If it should come to it, the Scottish people would not vote for independence.
"If ""junk food"" is banned, students will simply bring their own food to school."
If legalized it can be monitored and taxed.
If legal principles are abandoned then there is little point in defending the liberties that democratic governments say they are so keen to defend
If made illegal, prostitution will move to an underground black market.
If mayors are elected, then the best candidates will run for office.
If minimum wage is increase so would the economy. The more money consumers have, the more consumers buy, thus also increasing the economy.
If no referendum were to happen, there would possibly be violence.
If people became vegetarian, greenhouse gases would reduce.
if performing children were banned, some would perform illegally
If personhood accrues at birth, then abortion after inducing birth is wrong
If rehabilitation were an option, there would be less need for prisons.
If sanctions were lifted trade benefits would flow to all parties to trade.
If Scotland were independent then it would have more power in important areas.
If smoking were illegal it would make everyone healthier.
If something is in the trash, it is available to whoever can use it.
If tablets replace textbooks in K-12, there may be instances where the required textbook is not available.
If teens can access contraceptives without parental consent, they should be able to make the same decision about an abortion on their own
If terrorists are known to be part of specific national and ethnic groups, it makes sense to focus on those groups for searches.
If textbooks are replaced with tablets, students will come up with more excuses for not doing their schoolwork.
If the consent age is lowered, more people will be in danger.
If the courts did not do it, then the mob would
If the courts did not handle the issues, then the mob would
If the courts did not handle these issues, the mob likely would.
If the EU ‘elects’ a single working language, it will be deliberately contributing to the narrow-minded, anglicising of the entire world, despite being a union of diverse cultures with the power to fight it.
If the government can save the banks, why not the Post Office?
If the ICC is called into action, that would cause further problems.
If the ICC weighed cost versus benefit, it would determine that the chances of capturing Assad are too slim and the time requirements needed are too great to move forward.
If the information is accessible in another format, it is wrong to claim that this is an issue of free speech.
If their are no accommodations required, an employer has no right to their employees' medical information
If the minimum wage is increased, all Americans will be harmed because housing prices will go up.
If the minimum wage is increased, companies may use more robots and automated processes to replace service employees.
If the minimum wage is increase, more people living in poverty would have more opportunity to attend university or trade school, increasing their chance and their children's chances of getting out of poverty.
If the police are not armed, only the bad guys will have guns.
If there are meat-free options available, it is brutal and immoral to kill animals for food
If there is a botched abortion the parents will foot the bill for the medical expenses that result.
If there is a right to health care, people might overwhelm the medical system by using it too much.
If there's parental control and they use proper privacy settings .
If there were a God there would be irrefutable evidence of His existence and people would feel compelled to belief by the fact of it:
If the US does not act on Iran, Israel will
If they went left, it would be a step back and not a step forward
If this were about wearing a badge with a political slogan or something similar, everyone would agree that it was inappropriate. The same principle should apply to iconography.
If this work had been an attack on Mohammed it would never have been broadcast, the BBC is applying double standards.
If torture is allowed it will become commonplace.
If victims experience domestic violence repeatedly, it's morally okay for them to use deadly force to defend themselves
If we allow GM foods, where will science stop?
If we are willing to give our customers and consumers more company information, then we are able to persue our development and research on projects.
If we change violent music, we can end the violence in society.
If we do not ban partial birth abortions, our moral standards come into question.
If we give too many countries the ability to veto, then less will get done.
If women become pregnant, they should accept the responsibility that comes with producing a child.
If women want the equal benefits with men they must be willing to do the same things.
if you are alive you have the right to die
If you are not careful, sexting can be a start of criminal activity.
If you ban it, you have to ban everything else
If you ban muslim clothing than you'll have to start banning catholic or jewish clothing too
If you can die for your country, you should be trusted to drink.
If you can drive a lethal weapon (moterized vehicle) why cant you drink?
If you can fight for your country in Iraq, why can't you have a beer?
If you can't say something on the job, then where can you?
If you deny terrorists publicity, you prevent future terrorist attacks.
If you need a local part-time job than post it to social media.
If you want to eradicate diseases of today going forward, you should support vaccines.
Ignoring North Korea wont resolve the situation
Ignoring the countless warnings about the dangers surrounding obesity is neglect and neglecting a child is a prosecutable offence
Illegal aliens would  be forced to hide
Illegal downloaders are breaking the law and deserve punishment.
Illegal downloading of copyrighted material is a state matter that should be addressed.
Illegal downloading should be regulated by the state.
Illegals would not report to authorities
Illegal viewing would still occur with a ban.
Immediately the internet picks up news and the newspaper has to wait for the next publication to report it.
Implementing a free labour market will enable effective management of migration.
Implementing a right to health care could lead the United States towards socialism.
Important public programs are funded through legal marijuana taxation.
Important public programs can be funded with the incremental taxes collected from legal marijuana sales.
Imposing dictatorship will be a threat to diversity and multi ethnicity.
Imposing pressure on a child performer to perform is unethical.
Imprisoning children is wrong.
Improvements in productivity and economic growth have outpaced increases in the minimum wage.
Improves standards in political governance.
In 2020, an additional 17% of fresh water will be required to satisfy human needs
In a compulsory science lesson, creationism may be damaging to certain students.
In addition to health benefits, a vegetarian diet also gives you everything your body needs.
In areas with bad drinking water we should use bottled water.
Inbreeding has caused white tigers excessive suffering
In cases involving national security, limiting the jury can be a necessity.
Incentive in form of profit benefits society as a whole
Income Tax is a cause of inequity in society
income tax is not good
Income tax is not the best way to redistribute wealth or pay for public goods.
Increased global security
Increased hurricane activity and other extreme weather events are a result of natural weather patterns, not human-caused climate change.
Increased media coverage changes public perceptions towards gender roles and women’s sport.
Increased media coverage creates more role models for young girls to engage in sport.
Increasing an income tax won't fix the economy.
Increasing minimum wage will have negative effect on the businesses.
Increasing social mobility by scrapping tuition fees
Increasing the federal minimum wage would disproportionately harm the poorest areas of the United States.
Increasing the minimum wage only serves to hurt the unskilled, poor workers.
Increasing the minimum wage will take away jobs from service employees.
Increasing the minimum wage would force businesses to lay off employees and raise unemployment levels.
Increasing the minimum wage would have a ripple effect, raising the incomes of people who make slightly above the minimum wage.
Increasing the minimum wage would increase the health of the population and prevent premature deaths.
Increasing the minimum wage would increase worker productivity and reduce employee turnover.
Increasing the minimum wage would reduce income inequality.
Increasing the minimum wage would reduce poverty.
Increasing the minimum wage would reduce the federal deficit.
Increasing the minimum wage would result in less crime.
Indentity cards can be faked and are not reliable.
Independence would give Scotland clout where it matters
Independent bloggers lack the credibility of newspapers.
India has a specific need to main social cohesion
Individual democratic rights are more important than collective self-determination.
Individual gun ownership is guaranteed via the Second Amendment.
Individual investment accounts would boost economic growth by injecting money back into America's financial system.
Individual Liberty outweighs any potential harms
Individual safety and the ability to protect oneself are hurt by gun control laws.
Individuals are allowed to release their inventions into the public domain because of intellectual property rights.
Individuals are more likely to bully and troll when they are anonymous.
Individuals deserve to profit from the product of their intellectual endeavor because it is their property.
Individuals have a choice and right to respond to ads and their meaning.
Individuals have a right to eat meat if they want to.
Individuals have a right to equal opportunities that free university provides.
Individuals have a right to the experience of higher education
Individuals’ property and income are an index of deserving achievement, and of value contributed in the market place to society
Individuals should only be held responsible for the consequences of their own actions
Individuals who should not own weapons are not prevented from purchasing them despite the requirements and background investigations of concealed carry applications
Inexperienced and new workers will have a hard time finding employment.
Inflation has increased at a faster pace than minimum wage.
Information belongs to all people who have a right to access that information via broadband.
Informed decision making is not guaranteed.
Infringement of human rights
Ingredients in a vaccine are designed to be safe for children.
"In Israel, the ""Jewish State"" would be destroyed if there is a Palestinian right of return."
In joining the single currency, Britain would have to surrender her sovereignty and allow Brussels (where the EU is based) to dictate her financial affairs.
In many cases, returning an artefact may prove to be unreasonably expensive
In many trials the use of intercepted evidence would be beneficial to both the prosecution and the defense teams.
Inner motivation is key to a students success; not rewards.
Innocent people are always going to be a factor in arming a police force.
Innovation would slow.
In order for broadband access to be an efficient service for all people, the government should provide it.
In order to develop quickly, a dictator must be in power to sped things up.
In order to have voices heard, collective bargaining is needed.
In order to maintain their interests, the US had to intervene.
In order to maintan a well funcitoning society, the government has a right to restrict violent games which could hurt people.
In order to protect families, human cloning should be banned.
In order to provide care for employees, they must disclose their criminal history.
In some cases bottled water is useful.
In some cases freedom of speech should be limited to protect a nation's security.
Instead of a referendum, it might be quicker to enable Scottish independence.
Instead of embargo, free trade will promote democracy in Cuba.
Instead we can have tribunals that can give the detainees rights
Instituting a right to health care could lower the cost of health care in the United States.
Integration and the acceptance of Western values are important
Integration of Africa solves the border issues.
Integration will fix the problem of borders
Integration will mitigate the tension on border issues.
Intellectual property rights allow individuals to release their inventions into the public domain
Intellectual property rights incentivize investment of time and money in developing new products
Intercepted evidence could be incredibly useful for both prosecution and defence cases in many trials.
Intercepted evidence is a strong tool against widespread criminal networks.
Intercepted evidence is very useful to both sides of a trial.
Intercept evidence deals particularly well with cases of conspiracy and criminal gangs which have a widespread network.
Intercept evidence is simply not reliable enough to be effective evidence in court.
Interception of evidence aids both prosecution and defense.
Intercessions can be little and fruitful.
Interfering with a species for cosmetic reasons is poor practice
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights violated
International development is a more effective method of preventing failed states.
International labour and business standards go hand in hand with development standards and will de facto increase implementation levels
International law enables Palestinians to have the right to return.
International law is violated by drone strikes.
International Law Mandates Quebec be allowed Independence
International laws are violated by drone strikes.
International stability is only possible with NATO expansion.
International Terrorist Networks can be destroyed by having Drone Strikes in the United States.
Internationaly South Africa will be better after an annex.
Internet access as a new human right.
Internet access is a commodity not a human right.
Internet access is a necessary part of the right to freedom of information and expression.
Internet access is an enabler of rights not a right in itself.
Internet anonymity allows internet users to engage in illegal activities
Internet anonymity allows people to experiment and construct with new social identities
Internet anonymity allows people to speak the truth without fearing harm to their careers
Internet anonymity enables citizens to exercise their right to free speech
Internet anonymity encourages honesty.
Internet anonymity increases cyberbullying and trolling
Internet anonymity leads to spam
Internet censorship a violation of freedom of speech
Internet Content must not be Censored because we are a country of free speech!
Internet governance must be multinational
Internet Nazis must be censored!
Internment without holding a trial encourages hostility in return.
Internment without proper trial encourages the same be done by others.
Internment without trial contributes to the hostility of enemies and subsequent risk to civilians.
Internment without trial does not make society safer.
Internment without trial encourages the bad behaviour of other states.
Internment without trial exacerbates the antagonism of enemies and subsequent risk to civilians.
Internment without trial fails to make society safer.
Internment without trial in no way helps to make us safer.
Internment without trial makes enemies hostile and risks civilians.
Internment without trial spits in the face of our democratic values.
Internment without trial undermines all of the democratic values we so like to mention.
Internment without trial undermines democratic values.
Intervention in Syria is necessary.
Intervention might destabilize the peace deal in the South
Interventions can be small and successful.
Intervention would affect the existing peace deal.
Intervention would be legitimate
In the absence of positive evidence for the existence of God the rational position is agnosticism, not atheism:
In the current environment, moves to make English the official language are specifically targeted at Hispanic immigrants
In the event of an imminent attack it is only reasonable to use force to find information
In the first instance, doctors should always act to keep a patient alive
In the future, the economy will rely on those with more education.
In the future, women would have more equality if they are given land titles today.
In the interest in the safety of all involved, employees should disclose their HIV status to their employer
In the internet age immediacy is everything, newspapers can often contain out of date information by the time they hit the shelves.
In the internet age, it is impossible for celebrities to maintain privacy.
In the long term, high speed rail will prove to be a failed business investment.
In the near future we will require more fresh water to sustain human needs.
Introducing the use of violence into the justice system means that liberties that have taken centuries to secure are lost
Invaluable for aid in natural disasters/famine
Invaluable for travellers in areas with unsafe tap water
Invasion is not yet justified.
Investing in transport means investing in the businesses that will get us out of the recession
In view of the continuous public shooting , carrying a concealed handgun by adults can stop such shooting spree
Invoking public reaction can damage the lives of those concerned in the court case.
Iran has Israel targeted.
[Iran specific] Iran has threatened to destroy Israel
[Iran specific] Others, particularly Israel, would act if the United States did not
Iraq acted in a way that threatened the sovereignty of the US allies Saudi Arabia and Israel.
Iraq could have posed a threat to other US allies in the region, e.g. Saudi Arabia and Israel
Iraq is now democratic and Saddam is dead.
Iraq's actions were a direct threat to the United States regional allies, chiefly Saudi Arabia and Iran.
Iron from a vegetarian diet is healthier than from a meat-based diet.
Iron from meat is often cited as better than vegetables.
Irrational leaders make the possession of nuclear weapons dangerous
Is colonizing the moon the first step to developing space?
ISIS could begin causing problems in the Gulf states.
ISIS could infiltrate to Gulf States
ISIS could use refugees to enter the Gulf states.
Islamic parties have led governments before
Islamophobic panic and excessive security would be sanctioned by this action.
ISPs are not well placed to make judgments on what constitutes extremism
ISP will not cooperate with a graduated response policy
Israel and Palestine are two legal countries that should have their voice heard equally.
Israeli military operations breaks the peace in the region.
Israel's military operations harmed the chances of peace in the long term:
Israel's military operations were disproportionate and harmed too many civilians:
Israel was just self-defending.
Is the moon the first start to space development?
Is this 'Sound Science' or are Defendants simply clutching at straws?
It alienates Illegal aliens.
It already is almost free.
It becomes a difficult situation as to when interfere.
It becomes a weapon of revenge
It becomes unreasonably difficult for farmers to survive.
it breaks down the relationship of employment
It brings fear in the person
It can be a potentially  dangerous mistake to give out personal info
it can be damaging to many students in a compulsory lesson of science
It can be inconsiderate to others.
It can be more difficult to afford a lesser tolerance policing setup
It can be selfish
It can make a child physically vulnerable to be a child performer.
It can take pressure off doctors’ resources
It causes division within society
It causes problems in schools
It contributes to the sense of school's unity
It could be a solution for the current health care crisis
It could be that we are relying too much on technology
It creates a social backlash that damages substantive equality for homosexuals
It defiles long held religious norms and practices.
It denies young people access to safe transportation
It depends on how the actual punishement is administered
It does not address the underlying issues
It does not focus on moral condemnation of the couple but of passion of love
It does not make sense for South Africa to get involved with a poor country
It doesn't allow young people to have safe transportation available.
It Forces Illegal Immigrants Underground
It Harms Ethnic Minorities
It harms the economies of developing world
It has been proved that the use of Drone to combat enemy activity has resulted in fewer casualties amongst the civilian population as compared to the usage of other weapons
It has been proven that Vegetarians Live Longer
It has been vital for humans to eat meat for over 2 million years.
It has unnecessarily extended into sports which affects the success of our national teams.
I think iron from meat eating is healthier than the vegetarian way.
I think they should have these rights.
It hits the most vulnerable part of society hardest
It hits the most vulnerable people the hardest .
It hurts children to imprison them.
It hurts the most vulnerable part of society the most.
It hurts vulnerable areas of society
It impacts vulnerable parts of society
It is a big problem, too many people are file-sharing
It is a duty to do whatever is necessary to maintain free speech.
It is a fundamental part of OUR Human Rights
It is a fundamental right  to practice the religion you wish.
It is a mockery of religion.
It is amoral to deny terminal patients last hope treatments
It is a natural thing to do
It is a necessary response to an illegal coup
It is an honour for the host city and provides global recognition
It is a potential weapon.
It is appropriate for 16 year olds to have the right to vote.
It is a racism starter
It is a racist policy towards those it is trying to help
It is a workplace rule that has already been enforced and should have been expected
It is basically free.
It is best to have prostitution legal and regulated, as being made illegal won't stop it.
It is better for the environment.
It is better protection when others are also sharing some of that responsibility
It is better to have fewer languages in common use in global academic and economic interrelations
It is better to monitor riots through the social media rioters are using
It is better to rehabiliate people instead of buidling prisons.
It is better to save lives than stand idly by.
It is by the protection of a Second Amendment to the US constitution, that people might have individual gun ownership.
It is cheaper to use drones rather than send soldiers
It is clear that PRC is the China that matters.
It is costing the tax payers money which could be better spent
It is cruel and unethical to kill animals for food when vegetarian options are available.
It is cruel to deny people the last hope
It is dangerous to censor art.
It is dangerous to give the state the power of a progressive tax rate.
It is dangerous to impose the death penalty because the dead person would be seen as a hero to their terrorist organization.
It is deplorable and unconscionable to take the life of an animal for food when one has a choice to eat vegetarian meals
It is difficult to ascertain at a glance which websites are harmful.
It is difficult to hold a bully accountable for a victim's suicide.
It is difficult to make a direct, legally sound link between a bully's behaviour and a victim's suicide
It is difficult to prove that a bully's behavior has caused a victim's suicide.
It Is Discriminatory to Bar Women from Combat
It is discriminatory to refuse gay couples the right to marry
It is domestic not international legitimacy that matters
It is easier to target specific areas with a missile defense.
It is easy to act in an inappropriate manner with electronic communications.
it is easy to do nothing and veto with no african voice in the mix.
It is every woman's right to choose.
It is government's responsibility to work for the betterment of the people
it is high time to scrap monarchy
It is hypocritical and will not benefit civilians
It is immoral that some have nothing and a few others are enormously wealthy.
It is immoral to kill animals
It is immoral to use the threat of nuclear annihilation in order to achieve foreign policy aims
It is important that abortions be legal so that they may be regulated; illegal abortions are extremely dangerous.
It is impossible for farmers to survive.
it is impossible to create a standing UN army
it is inappropriate to use corporal punishment on children as it can affect their education
It is incoherent to ban some guns
It is in the national interest for democracies to support those seeking to oust dictators
It is legitimate to enable freedom
It is legitimate to undermine illegitimate governments to promote human rights
It is Men, Not Women, who are Disadvantaged in our Society
It is morally acceptable for victims to defend themselves from repeated domestic abuse
It is morally acceptable to make welfare conditional.
It is morally wrong to persecute and criminalize homosexuals, aid to these African states should be cut.
It is more important to protect their sources rather than their right to trial
It is more or less free.
It is more practical to work through one language that all Member States understand in order to ensure the effectiveness of communication.
It is natural for glaciers to grow and recede, which does not necessarily have to do with human activities.
It is nearly impossible to grow such a standing army.
It is never a good idea when the police force is out gunned by the criminals.
It is not acceptable for victims to use deadly force, no matter what the reason
It is not acceptable that the goverment favorites and prioritizes an age group.
It is not a right to drink when you are 18 years old.
It is not at all professional
It is not cruel or wrong to raise animals to be eaten.
It is not good to rely on NGO's for aid
It is not in the interest of South Africa to annex a poor, underdeveloped country
It is not morally acceptable for a person to harm another for any reason
It is not morally allowed unless someone is defending themselves
It is not moral to hurt animals for entertainment
It is not necessary to become vegetarian to lower our environmental footprint.
It is not necessary to have a UN standing army.
It is not possible to harmlessly have animals as entertainment
It is not possible to return to the Gold Standard in the U.S.
It is not professional
It is not professional at all
It is not realistic to expect a ban of violent music
It is not right to ban smoking.
It isn't necessary to ban smoking.
It isn't stealing to take something that has been thrown away.
It is OK to not stand for the national anthem if you think the US is not honoring its ideals.
It is only fair that those with more should pay more in taxes,
It is only fair where something inaccurate has been said to allow for a correction.
It is our moral duty to give to the less-fortunate
It is painful for unborn babies during an abortion.
It is politically incorrect
It is possible for a tablet to hold hundreds of textbooks on one device itself, which includes homework, quizzes, files of other nature and helps to remove the need to physically store classroom materials and books.
It is possible for individuals to release their inventions into the public domain because of intellectual property rights.
It is possible that can be put in danger if they give out too much information
It is possible that genes affect obesity more than personal lifestyle.
It is possible that sometimes AA might not be that beneficial
It is possible to be healthy even without eating GM food
It is practically impossible to control people's movement
It is prohibitively expensive to translate everything and difficult to prioritize what to translate
It is right to treated women differently than men in some cases.
It is self absorbed.
It is stealing money from the weak.
It is the duty of the state to avoid using corporal punishment when they need to solve social problems.
It is the employer's rule so all employees should follow them
it is the environmentally friendly thing to do
It is their culture and religion!
it is the only way to stop our lazy nation from driving
It is those who do not work who reap the rewards from those who do
It is to expensisive for a student to pay tution fee plus books, living and other costs
It is too difficult to govern.
It is too easy to create illegal products when individuals own 3D printers.
It is too expensive for a student to pay books living tuition fees and other costs
It is too late for reparations
It is undemocratic to have the law pass through the board of health.
It is unethical to expose children to the pressures of performing
It is unfair for people to suffer for silly past mistakes
It is unjust to make welfare conditional
it is unncessary to creat a UN standing army
It is unrealistic to expect less state sovereignty.
It is unsafe for children to have facebook accounts because of personal information dissemination.
It is very difficult to intercede in humanitarian crises in states wherein nuclear weapons are present.
It is very hard to form a UN standing army .
It is wrong for children to have facebook accounts because it is too easy, hence dangerous to get information about them.
It makea the National team a better quality.
It makes for an equitable society when a progressive taxation system is employed.
It makes foreigners want to hide and avoid authority.
It makes governments more accountable
It makes it more difficult for extremists to organize and spread their message when blocked
It may be damaging to some students in a compulsory science lesson
it may be inconsistent to use a referendum relative to Uk's tradition as a representative democracy eu member
It may be necessary in the interests of national security
It may be necessary to limit trial by jury in cases where it is impossible to recruit an impartial jury.
It may be necessary to limit trial by jury in cases where there is a real danger of jury tampering or intimidation.
It may be necessary to limit trial by jury in terrorism cases, or other cases surrounding large national security issues.
It might take longer get medical care with a right to healthcare.
It neglects those in desperate need of psycological help.
It protects rural communities
It reduces the ability of universities to be self-sufficient and to fund other less potentially profitable pursuits
It relates to our lives now
It's a bad idea to ban smoking.
Its a business, a business doing its job
It's a double edged sword using profiling.  It promotes more prejudice among those facing terrorism and vice versa.
It's a financial loss to the state enforcing the death penalty.
It's against the law for US and EU governments to fund terrorist groups originating from Palestine.
It  sanctions and encourages 'Islamophobic' panics and promotes the excessive 'securitisation' of the globe
"It's a ""No-Brainer"".  In the USA Big Pharma is enjoying 8 years of ""Dubya"" by raking in the profits "
It’s a personal matter – it doesn’t concern others
It's a rare occasion that anything should go wrong with a vaccine.
It's a slippery slope from sports shooting to increased desensitization of the lethal nature of guns.
It's been too long and reparations no longer matter
It's best for government not to use creative commons as an option.
It's better to raise children within a marriage.
It's conceivable that the wrong people will have the weapons.
it's dangerous for a celebrity to control media
It sets a very dangerous precedent for controlling the output of the media – who is a celebrity?
Its harmful to the environment
It should be acceptable for parents to prevent children from visiting pornographic websites.
It Should Be Permissible to Torture Suspected Terrorists
It should be the United Nations job to prevent such things as mass atrocities and genocide.
It simply makes sense to make a point of searching those in groups that the terrorists are members of.
It simply won’t work in an internet age
It’s impossible to police such a law.
It’s in the interests of co-workers
It’s in the interests of employers
It's much more economical for companies to employ remote workers than it is for them to maintain a central office environment
It's my body and I'll starve if I want to
It's not a real holiday.
It's not a true holiday.
It's not necessary to ban smoking.
It's not right for people to be forced to cover their religious face coverings since it's their culture.
It specifically denies a rich cultural heritage which is uniquely American of groups that spoke English but not as a first language
Its personal. Why does it matter to others.
It’s their culture and religion
It's unlikely it will function as planned.
It's utility is doubtful.
It's what our country was built on
It's wrong to have the state enforce killing.
It teaches ethical values
It teaches social responsibility
It was illegal for the US to act.
It was proven the b12 from meat is helps the nervous and digestive system.
It will affect everybody
It will be bad for regional stability
It will be difficult to opt-out
It will cause less re-offenders.
It will cause resentment and make certain communities feel targeted.
It will cost far less
It will facilitate world food distribution
It will improve the quality of the national team
It will lead to fair regional representation, as well as make it more legitimate and flexible
It will make it easier to travel in Europe
It will never work
It will promote active waste management by stores
It will stop lazy people from driving everywhere.
It would abandon the worst off
It would allow for an entirely false image to be created
It would be easy to apply restrictions on music.
It would be expensive to use tablets instead of books.
It would be highly impractical to ban this music glorifying violence.
It would be hypocritical to ban Christian items when those of other religions are protected
It would be impossible to enforce a ban on arranged marriages in EU countries.
it would be impossible to find agreement for reform
It would be much simpler and fairer
It would be really problematic if they were referred to the ICC.
It would be the first step in colonizing space – the moon is preferential to Earth as a base for investigating life elsewhere in the universe
It would be too complex and radical to instate
It would be too difficult to get the class to concentrate.
It would be too inconvenient to make payments to housewives
It Would Cause controversy in religious countries such as Ireland and Italy
It would cause the youth to have less interest in voting
It would create demographic imbalance
It would encourage low income earners to work.
It would encourage the viewing of women as helpless victims if this type of music was banned.
It would have a damaging effect on society
It would help distinguish between levels of elections
It would increase tax fraud
It would lessen the amount of accidental deaths from gun accidents if enacting some mandatory safety features.
It would make the people angry at the government
It would make the UNSC more effective and efficient
It would never work
It would not be at all practical to ban music glorifying violence.
It would not solve the violence of prostitution.
It wouldn't be worthwhile and Assad or rebel war criminals will stay free.
It would present a bold new path for them
It would provide an efficient service for everyone
It would ruin football’s simplicity and non-exclusivity.
It would show that they are on a new path
I would say give them the rights that they should have.
Jail time would damage a childhood.
Jesus is Becoming Irrelevant to Christmas
Job creation
Job-seekers may find work with social media sites.
Joining the Euro would reduce the cost of travel in Europe.
Judges are better at delivering justice than juries are.
Judges are good at justice
Junk Food Can Cause Obesity
Junk Food Can Have Negative Affects On Bone Health
Junk food can hinder the brain's performance.
Junk Food Can Increase The Risk Of Diabetes
Junk food has been associated with poor bone health.
"""Junk food"" revenues provide schools with much needed financial assistance."
“Junk food” sales are an important source of funding for schools.
Juries need to have all the information possible in order to reach a fair verdict.
Juries should have complete information to come to a verdict
Just as electricity is not a human right, the internet, another commodity, is not a human right.
Just because police have weapons, it doesn't mean the main issues of violence are being dealt with.
Justice is needed for a lasting peace
Justice is needed to help end denialism.
Justice needs to be seen to be done in order to provide a deterrent to others.
justice that is natural should not come in the form of a tiny note
Justice will be denied with this motion.
Justice won't prevail unless people are prosecuted for their crimes
Just punishment will lead to less criminals re-offending.
Keeping books with inappropriate content out of libraries protects kids, but doesn't stop people from reading those books or prevent authors from writing them.
Keeping funds from government has negative consequences for spending
Keeping government intelligence sources safe is more important than having a trial.
"Keeping the word ""God"" in the please of allegiance discriminates against those who do not believe in God. "
Kids aren't waiting until 21 now, they already don't care about the law.
Kids need time to do many different kinds of activities.
Kids will drink when they want, making it legal will reduce petty crimes.
Killers must die to satisfy society
Kosovo residents are unique.
Kosovo would not work as a state.
Labour would be foolish to move to the left.
Lack of access to contraceptives is not the main reason for unprotected sex
Lack of Ethnic Diversity
Lack of government funds decreases spending.
Lack of legal category reinforces negative stereotypes
Lack of scientific understanding
Lack of space for inmates is the reason for new prison construction.
Lack of special recognition disables the acquisition of constitutional rights
Lack of transparency will count against a leader that is not honest with his people.
Landmines are an effective deterrent against guerrilla attacks.
Landmines are a useful military tool
Landmines keep certain areas safe from wanderers.
Land titles are not affordable to poor women
Land titles do not solve the main issue for women - rental markets.
Land titles for women today will provide inter-generational equalities for the future.
Land titles mean single women can build decent homes.
Land titles will develop entrepreneurial women.
Land titles will help end violence against women.
Land titles would help protect women from violence.
Land titles would mean that more women could become entrepreneurs.
Land titling will increase female poverty.
Law enforcement uses social media to catch and prosecute criminals.
Laws are being passed against mercenaries.
Laws on this matter can not be enforced.
Laws preventing US and EU governments from funding terrorist groups are sufficient.
Leadership and privilege are not divine rights.
Leadership benefits trump the negatives.
Lean red meat can be healthy
Lean red meat, eaten in moderation, can be a healthful part of a balanced diet.
Lean red meat is not necessarily unhealthy
Leaving EU would weaken UK security.
Leaving may increase British unemployment
Leaving the EU means leaving the instability that was there
Leaving the EU will mean the UK will have less regional influence
Leaving the EU would mean leaving their security services too
Leaving will cause a shock to the British economy
Leaving will give a shock to the British economy
Leaving will mean less communication with other security services
Leaving would take back power to control the economy
Legal abortion is in contradiction with the principle of life affirmation.
Legal coca cultivation would enhance economic growth in developing states
Legal drugs are safer.
Legalisation Can Be A Part of a Wider Education Program
Legalisation reduces crime
Legalised prostitution still victimises the vulnerable.
Legalising coca production would undemine the wider war on the drugs economy
Legalising ensures health care and safe sex.
Legalising safe sex work can make it easier to provide adequate health care.
Legalization has benefits for society
Legalization of marijuana is phasing out black markets and taking money away from drug cartels, organized crime, and street gangs.
Legalization of marijuana would cause teens to smoke more pot and would be harmful.
Legalization would free up resources that could be devoted to eliminating sex trafficking
Legalized marijuana creates steep costs for society and taxpayers that far outweigh its tax revenues.
Legalized marijuana is supported by a majority of people in the US.
Legalized prostitution would protect sex workers from abuse and educate them about STDs.
Legalizing abortion allows for the procedures to be safely and professionally done.
Legalizing abortion defies the principle of life affirmation
Legalizing abortions leads to irresponsible sexual behavior
"Legalizing gay marriage advances the ""homosexual agenda"" and unfairly paints opponents as bigots. "
"Legalizing gay marriage could lead down a ""slippery slope,"" giving people in polygamous, incestuous, bestial, and other nontraditional relationships the right to marry. "
Legalizing gay marriage is a stepping stone toward disgusting and harmful marriage practices such as incestuous, bestial and child marriages.
Legalizing gay marriage often leads to an end to domestic partnership benefits for gay and straight couples, which disadvantages couples who choose not to get married.
Legalizing gay marriage will not harm the institution of marriage, and same-sex marriages may even be more stable than heterosexual marriages.
Legalizing marijuana creates thousands of needed jobs.
Legalizing marijuana increases use by teens, with harmful results.
Legalizing marijuana would create costs for both society and taxpayers that would offset the tax revenues that are generated.
Legalizing marriage by gays leads to the oppression of those who are against the practice.
Legalizing prostitution opposes women's rights.
Legalizing prostitution will result pornographic advertisements.
Legalizing prostitution would exacerbate the HIV problem.
legalizing sex work makes the workers safer
Legal marijuana will help the economy.
Legal marriage is a secular institution that should not be limited by religious objections to same-sex marriage.
Legal weed is subject to laws and is safer.
Legislation against mercenaries
Lesotho is in a dire condition and needs help from its closest ally
Less attention must be paid towards North Korea in order to stop encouragement of their regime..
Less developed countries should be able to count on the more developed countries for help.
Less educated workers will be at a disadvantage if the minimum wage is increased.
Less unwanted children would be around.
Levels of European Parliament elections could be helped by allowing voting at age 16.
life and death go hand in hand
Life begins at conception, so unborn babies are human beings with a right to life.
Life cannot be explained by atheism; it is too complex.
Life is more important than dignity
Lifting the ban will damage relations with the U.S.
Lifting the embargo would put pressure on Cuba to address problems that it had previously blamed on US sanctions.
Limited trading capacity as a result of not being part of a free trade agreement.
Limiting communication of extremists can cripple their threatening agendas.
limiting corporations can have a negative impact socially
Limiting free speech protects youth.
Limiting the amount of working hours leads to more jobs
Limiting the rights of corporate persons would harm a wide range of organisations and limit the freedom of natural persons.
Limiting the working week will keep the workers safe
Limiting trial by jury in some cases sets the stage for limiting it in other, unjustified, cases.
Limiting trial by jury is necessitated by times of jury tampering or intimidation.
Limiting working hours would also limit the economy's potential
Little is accomplished when education is forced.
Little past mistakes should not continue to ruin people's lives.
Lives are saved via negotiations.
Lives could be saved with this measure.
Livestock production threatens the world’s water supply
Local democracy will be improved by electing a mayor.
Local governments allow the US to use drones to make their countries safer.
Local water supplies would benefit from the banning of bottled water.
Long copyright stifles creative responses to and re-workings of the original work
long lasting physical and mental harm can be caused by corporal punishment
Losing the Queen's head on banknotes is NOT a minor issue, it symbolises Britain losing her identity and control over her own economy.
Lots of the reality TV shows are of poor taste.
Lower corporate taxes has resulted in higher employment and increased employee benefits
Lower corporate taxes results in more capital investment and increased employment
Lower crime rates and fewer deaths result when handguns are banned in a city.
Lower healthcare costs
Lowering corporate income taxes results in increased international investment in the United States and thus more jobs.
Lowering federal taxes didn't prevent the cutting of jobs, only an increase in dividends  for the shareholders
Lowering MLDA 21 to 18 will irresponsibly allow a greater segment of the population to drink alcohol in bars and nightclubs, which are not safe environments.
Lowering MLDA 21 would be good for the economy.
Lowering MLDA 21 would be medically irresponsible.
Lowering MLDA 21 would give high schoolers and even middle schoolers easier access to alcohol.
Lowering the age of consent will cause criminal dangers.
Lowering the age of consent will increase crimes and potential victims.
Lowering the age of consent will open the door to more criminal problems
Lowering the age to drink will make it less interesting since everyone can do it.
Lowering the age will cut down on young adults drinking
Lowering the corporate tax rate leads to economic growth and job creation because companies have more money to invest.
Lowering the corporate tax rate raises the deficit, which hurts job creation and wages.
Lowering the drinking age is a bad idea.
Lowering the drinking age will invite more use of illicit drugs among 18-21 year olds.
Lowering the drinking age would allow younger people to go to more unsafe places.
Lower taxes has expanded employment opportunities
Lower taxes resulted in more money to invest in expansion, with higher employment and improved benefits
Low-income earners would have a reason to work hard.
Low-income students are at a disadvantage when it comes to homework.
Macbeth,lady Macbeth and the three witches are all blamed for the murder and  banquo is depicted as a sort of angel
:  Main purpose of UN, to prevent war, has clearly not been achieved.
Maintaining a system of free university education leads to an inefficient allocation of state resources.
Maintaining a widely-reviled embargo damages the US's diplomatic reputation.
Maintaining methods of free university education takes away resources from programs that are more useful to the population
Maintaining Status Quo would Boost the Economy and Reduce Unemployment Rate
Major changes need to be put to the people and the people must be trusted.
Major medical organizations state that vaccines are safe.
makes a sense of equality
Making bullying a legal issues does not incentivise robust enforcement of anti bullying rules by schools
Making bullying a legal issue will not cause schools to enforce anti bullying rules.
Making destruction of cultural property a crime against humanity would ensure it is protected.
Making new friends and improving relationships is a perk of social media.
Making school uniforms mandatory creates a sense of equality since everyone will be wearing the same clothes.
Making university education compulsory would take young people out of the workforce.
Male and female equality is vital to society.
Males still dominate the top positions
Males still hold the majority of high positions.
Malevolent gossip can have a devastating impact on the person involved
Manufacturing tablets is environmentally destructive and dangerous to human health.
Many consider it unethical to expose children to the pressures of performing.
Many countries do not have the means to protect precious artifacts so they should remain in the West where they are safe.
Many countries have many positive uses and reasons behind their campaign to legalize the production of the coca leaf.
Many drone operators have emotional and psychological stress.
Many frequently challenged books help people get a better idea of the world and their place in it
Many individuals report to have seen some groups of hate using social media.
Many innocents have been killed because of the death penalty.
Many of the American adults are in favour of carrying concealed handguns
Many people believe that Christmas is a holiday. Many people think of it as a scam. Who is right?
many people have access to PBS.
Many people lack the basic financial literacy to make wise investment decisions on their own.
Many people use social media to bully people.
Many politicians, businessmen, and organizations support the return to a gold standard.
Many professions could more sensibly be given exemption  over celebrities.
Many prominent economists oppose returning to a gold standard.
Many reality TV shows are distasteful
Many refugees are highly educated people who can contribute to our societies
Many refugees have much to offer to our societies.
Many religious leaders and churches support gay marriage and say it is consistent with scripture.
Many religious organizations and people of faith support women's reproductive choice.
Many students do not have sufficient home internet bandwidth to use tablets.
Many textbooks are not available in digital format or on the specific tablet used by a school.
many were not against morsi at his time of deposition
Many women who have nothing become prostitutes to survive
Many young people talk sexually through social media.
Marijuana legalization boosts the economy.
Marijuana legalization neutralizes black markets and lowers money going to crime.
Market flexibility is stifled
Marketing aimed at children should be subject to strict regulations.
Markets in sexual services can respect sexual autonomy
Markets in sexual services can serve legitimate needs
Markets in sexual services undermine the values of commitment and loyalty
Markets in sex would corrupt non-market sexual relations, turning women and girls into commodities
Marriage is about more than procreation, therefore gay couples should not be denied the right to marry due to their biology.
Marriage is a legal contract with protections for both parties.
Marriage is an important institution to religious people
Marriage  is  an important religious aspect to some couples.
Marriage is an internationally recognized human right for all people.
Marriage is an outmoded, oppressive institution that should be weakened, not expanded.
Marriage is a religious institution, and the major world religions frown upon homosexuality
Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples because they cannot produce children together.
Marriage is not something we should encourage or support.
Marriage promotes a better way to raise children
Marriage provides both physical and psychological health benefits, and banning gay marriage increases rates of psychological disorders.
Marriage provides protection to both parties in the form of legal protection.
Marriage represents a legal bond which protects both parties in a relationship
Marriage should be between a man and a woman
Marriage should not be expected.
Matrimony is a bond between man and woman only.
Mayors have the capability to increase the profile of their represented city.
Mayors will come at a cost
Mayors would be more accountable than a council
Mayors would raise the profile of the city they represent
Mayors would result in too much centralisation of power.
Meat consumption should be reduced, but does NOT need to be eradicated
Meat is the best source of vitamin B12, a vitamin necessary to nervous and digestive system health.
Meat is the most convenient protein source available.
Meat is the most readily available protein.
Media attention only encourages North Korean provocations.
Media coverage of bird and swine flu can lead to unnecessary panic.
Media coverage should focus on men's sports because they are more popular than women's.
Medical concerns
Medical science allows us to control death, suicide and euthanasia are sensible corollaries to that.
Medical science progression is a benefit.
Medical services may be delayed with a right to health care.
Medical trials of experimental treatments would be greatly jeopardized
Medication being expensive is extra stress:
Medication for serious conditions is the most expensive
Member's sovereignty is intruded on by the European Union.
Men’s sports are more popular than women’s and so should receive more media coverage.
Mental health improves with food.
Mental stimulation and physical exercise need to have the proper balance in children.
Mercenaries are still hired by NGOs
Mercenaries are still often involved in political coups.
Mercenaries can still be found in coups.
Mercenaries still have a presence in coups
Methane emissions will increase if hydroelectric dams are used
migration can be managed by implementing a free labour market.
Migration is 'developmental'.
Military action is only legal with UN Security Council approval
Minimum wage has not kept pace with improvements in productivity or economic growth.
Minimum wage has not kept pace with increases in inflation.
Minimum wage helps continue social justice and fair treatment for workers.
Minimum wage is an effective baseline for free pursuit of happiness.
Minimum wage is an effective component of social justice and the fair treatment of workers.
Minimum wage needs to evolved with increasingly more expensive cost of living.
Minimum wage should not deter a person from working.
Mining taxes could reduce the deficit.
Minority cultures must have self-determination to succeed.
minority languages including braille should be protected
Minor's interests can be appropriately taken into consideration by the votes of their parents.
Missile defence shows Russia is still suspicious of U.S. motives.
Missile defense is an area where Russia is suspicious of the United States.
Missile defense is less dangerous than having a nuclear arsenal.
Missing parents can lead to destructive behavior in their children.
Mistakes can actually be changes in the language.
MLDA 18 is not a right.
MLDA 21 exerts valuable social pressure on potential underage drinkers and those who may serve them.
MLDA 21 helps prevent underage binge drinking.
MLDA 21 is largely ineffective because teens consume regardless.
Mobile phones are a luxury for children.
Mobile phones are expensive
Mobile phones distracting
Mobile phones enable us to keep in touch
Mobile phones for children are an unnecessary expense.
Mobile phones help us to learn
Mobile phones lead to increased independence
Mobile phones make it easier to stay in contact with others.
Mobile phones make sure that we are safe
Modern abortion procedures are safe and do not cause lasting health issues such as cancer and infertility.
Modern technology makes consultation easier than ever.
Modern teenagers do not relate to Shakespearian plays
monarchy in britain led to lots of chaos in the past
Monarchy is a child's creation
Monarchy is an infantile idea.
Monarchy is just childish.
Money cannot be targeted to meet specific needs
money can't be good for specific needs
Money, resources, and time would be wasted by returning to the gold standard.
Money should be spent on the youth if the economy is to be valued.
Money won’t go to where it is needed most.
Money would be better spent on geo-thermal and nuclear power than wind power.
Monitoring allows parents to correct children who are wasting their time.
Monitoring children's use of electronics raises digital awareness.
Monitoring decreases children’s involvement with pornography.
Monitoring intellectual property rights by states and companies outweighs the benefits because of the cost and is often in effective.
Monitoring prevents cyberbullying.
Monitoring raises digital awareness among parents.
Monopolies would be broken down with the import and resale of grey goods.
Moral and legal pluralism in relation to same-sex marriage is acceptable
Morality and religion are two different things.
Morality and religion should not have to be linked.
More citizens would participate if the voting age were lowered.
More companies will turn to automated robots if the minimum wage is increased.
More e-books mean less environmental waste.
More educational resources can be made available through social media.
More education brings more opportunities
More Education Brings More Opportunities
More evidence in courts of law would help to fight terrorism and organized crime
More exposure comes from playoffs.
MOre government would be needed to oversee the privatization of Social Security.
More gun control can lead to fewer suicides.
More gun control is leading to fewer suicides.
More gun control is not needed; education about guns and gun safety is needed to prevent accidental gun deaths.
More gun control is unnecessary because relatively few people are killed by guns.
More gun control laws are needed in protecting women from domestic abusers and stalkers.
More gun control laws are needed in the protection of women from domestic abusers and stalkers.
More gun control laws are needed to protect women from domestic abusers and stalkers.
More gun control laws would reduce gun deaths.
More gun control leads to fewer suicides.
more influence makes more distractions from neccessity
More people will take drugs if they are legal
More prisons means more negative impacts on surrounding communities.
More significant threats than the Islamic State exist for the west.
More sports role models for young girls are created with increased media coverage.
More taxes infringe on choice
more taxes on rich could create more backlash
More tax on the rich = more possibility for evasion or backlash by the rich!
More than one thousand scientists disagree that human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change.
More vaccines together destroy the immune system
More vetoes mean less action
More women would become entrepreneurs because of land titles.
morsi needed to be removed to ensure democratic process
Morsi’s economic and social policies had been ineffective and unpopular
Morsi Undermined Democratic Principles
morsi was a threat for democracy
morsi was a threat to true democracy
Morsi was going to implement Islamic policies on a secular country
morsi was still popular
Most abortions are performed out of convenience
Most beverage have plastic containers so banning plastic water bottles is not the answer.
Most Egyptians still supported Morsi
Most find that meat is a very convenient source of protein.
Mostly unproven, experimental technologies being developed on a small-scale basis that are known as renewables are not  ready to take up the gap the move away from fossil fuels under climate change agreements would create.
Mostly unproven, experimental technologies being developed on a small-scale basis that are not ready to take up the gap to move away from fossil fuels under climate change agreements are known as renewables.
Most of the world opposes the embargo, and maintaining it is detrimental to the reputation of the United States among the international community.
Most other countries in Europe have abandoned the monarch
Most parents and educators support mandatory school uniforms.
Most people in the U.S. support the use of drone strikes.
Most people no longer  agree with the Anti-Social Behavior Orders (ASBOS) classifications.
Most people support organ donation, only a few carry the card
Most US citizens approve of military drones.
Mother Nature can survive our absence.
Mother Nature has little need for people.
Mother Nature is greater than all of us.
Mother Nature no longer controls the environment
Mother Nature rules over us.
Mother Nature's control of the environment debatable.
Mother nature will outlive us
Moving is an imperative
Much time can be wasted on social networking sites.
Multiculturalism doesn't create diverse societies; it creates politically correct societies.
Multiculturalism greatly facilitates advancement and progress by advancing cultural exchange in both products and ideas.
Multiculturalism is antithetical to liberal democracy‏.
Multiculturalism is morally justified
Multiculturalism means that everyone is the same, and then nobody is happy.
Multiculturalism promotes healthier new generations
Multiculturalism promotes more tolerant societies
Multiple vaccines cause no harm
Multiple vaccines serve millions with improved immunity
Music about violence against women  doesn't help the perception of women
Music depicting violence against women discourages respect of women in men and women.
Music depicting violence against women encourages men (and women) not to respect women.
Music depicting violence to women causes and sustains the cycle of violence.
music that glorifies crime needs to be banned
music that glorifies crime should be banned
Mutually Assured Destruction breaks down when national missile defense systems are introduced, destabilizing world security:
National defense could also be affected by returning to the gold standard.
National “feel-good factor”
National opinion towards immigrants and non-Christians would be harmed by Seperation.
National security should come before freedom of information
national service helps equality
National service shows everyone that each person is equal.
National sovereignty ends when human rights are systematically violated.
nation service promotes equality
NATO costs too much
NATO could actually cause or compound conflict.
NATO development was important  for international stability
NATO development would profit eastern European and post Soviet states
NATO establishments would profit eastern European and post Soviet states
NATO expansion has always been necessary for international stability.
NATO expansion was, and is, necessary for international stability
NATO expansion was essential for international stability
NATO expansion would benefit eastern European and post Soviet states
NATO gives the UN a critical joint military capability.
NATO has established a precedent for multilateral military action
NATO is a drain on our resources.
NATO is an effective joint military asset for the UN.
NATO is a vital instrument to make the world safer
NATO is paramount to keeping the world a safer place.
NATO is vital to maintain peace.
NATO provides the EU with an effective joint military capability
NATO provides the UN with an effective joint military capability
NATO runs the unacceptable risk of accidental escalation
NATO will look to get bigger.
Natural habitats being are destroyed
natural justice should not come by a note
Natural monopolies require collective bargaining.
Natural resources are of huge benefit for many reasons, one being the creation of work for the people.
Natural resources create employment
Nature cannot exist as is with hydroelectric dams.
Nature Suggests That Same Sex Marriage is Illogical
Nazi Germany showed us.
Necessary for punitive justice
Necessary response to an illegal coup
Necessity for diplomatic relations
Needle exchanges can help social services to locate addicts who are in need of treatment
Needle exchanges cause crime
Needle exchanges prevent the transmission of disease
Needle exchanges will increase the incidence of drug use
Need to protect Russian civilians
Negative impact on the environment
Negotiation buttresses the position of the terrorist by provides additional resources.
Negotiation encourages more terrorism
Negotiation is the only way to solve the underlying problem
Negotiation provides more resources to terrorists
Negotiation saves lives
Negotiations cannot take place while innocents are being threatened
Negotiations lead to more destruction.
Negotiation with a terrorist group is a futile action that will only lead to another terrorist group emerging at the forefront.
Negotiation with a terrorist group is not a productive long-term strategy, as other groups will be ready to ascend to the top of the threat matrix.
Neo-functionalism  explains the cause of integration
Neo-functionalism proposes a purpose to EU integration.
net neutrality can create burdens
net neutrality can create problems
Net neutrality created burdensome and overreaching regulations to govern the internet
Net neutrality hampers usage of the internet
Net neutrality helps preserve democracy and free speech
Net neutrality in a democratic society will provide a free and open internet
Net neutrality is good because it stops the select groups from overcharging for exlcusvie content.
net neutrality is good for competing
Net neutrality is required to preserve the existing structure of the internet.
Net neutrality like in democracy , will develop and preserve democracy and free speech.
Net neutrality maintains a free market and even playing field
Net neutrality makes the internet less enjoyable.
Net neutrality preserves free speech on the internet by prohibiting internet service providers from blocking content
Net neutrality prevents monoploy.
net neutrality promotes competition
Net neutrality promotes competition by providing a level playing field for new companies
Net neutrality protects consumers by preventing ISPs from speeding, slowing, or charging higher fees for select online content
Net neutrality protects free speech from internet service provider threats
Net neutrality provides a level playing field for everyone.
Net neutrality provides for the free circulation of data and services.
Net neutrality reduces investment in internet services resulting in less access and higher costs for consumers
Net neutrality regulations are unnecessary because the internet developed amazingly well in their absence
Net neutrality will protect the consumer from fee changes
New businesses may increase with a right to healthcare.
New information is much easier to add to e-texts than traditional texts.
New prisons will harm nearby communities.
Newspapers are a more trustworthy source of information than independent bloggers
Newspapers are financially unviable
newspapers are more convenient
Newspapers are more credible than independent blogger reports.
newspapers are more versatile
Newspapers are much more convenient than the alternatives.
Newspapers are over-consumers of paper products which results in loss of woodland habitats.
Newspapers are too slow to keep up with the flow of news.
Newspapers cannot be environmentally sustained.
Newspapers employ credentialled reporters.
Newspapers have a reputation to uphold.
Newspapers offer a better reading experience than digital alternatives
Newspapers provide higher quality journalism than other media
Newspapers report sensationalist stories beacuse they sell.
Newspapers use valuable resources in production whereby the internet does not.
Newspapers will adapt to the modern world.
Newspapers will evolve with the times and remain relevant.
Newspapers wont die, they’ll adapt
new ways should be expolred to attract people to be organ donors.
NGOs are inefficient in foreign aid.
NGOs are not effective at delivering aid
NGOs do not deliver aid effectively
NGOs still hire mercenaries.
No, because students will be distracted
"No, because the resolution states the action as ""in response"" rather than ""in defense"". "
No, can you imagine the ADS on TV?
No chance of changing from the Pound to the Euro
No civilians, including the ones who hunt, should have any military grade firearms, or accessories.
No country has an inherent right to invade or use aggression against another.
No fly zones and bombing could eliminate the threat of chemical weapons
No free press means no democratic society.
No games influence their players
No government in any democratically set up country should prevent net neutrality as it violates the principles of freedom
No-growth funding policy results in better operation of the finances and will improve financial discipline.
no human should be forced to remain in the same place
No intelligence gathered evidence should be withheld from courts.
NO. It has become a new and fashionable way of attacking capitalism
No it has proved opposite.
No - it should not be banned in places people CHOOSE to go
no matter the format, it is still free speech
no matter what sexuality all should be able to marry
No mechanism to prevent crises and war exists
No negotiation encourages the hunt for a bigger lever
Non-intervention is the best policy.
Non violent methods of disrupting riots must be tried before using force
No one else gives or does more charitable work in the world than religious organisations.
No one has a right to collective bargaining
No one should be denied their beliefs
No one should tell others how to dress
No, people are entitled to their free speech!
No real 'right of return' exists in international law
Normal Charities Are More Focused on Their Mission
North Korea is an unresolved conflict it can’t simply be ignored
North Korean People’s Army invaded South Korea, an ally of America; this prompted response from American; this prompted response from American forces.
Norway and the Republic of Ireland are examples of successful nation-states.
No. Students will spend less time on their studies.
Not acknowledging the flag and anthem is  perceived as a slight to the military.
Not allowing women on the front line, is discrimination.
Not all skills are best learnt in a classroom environment.
Not all students are tech savvy enough to operate a tablet.
Not all students could use the tablets at home.
Not a proper holiday
Not being harsh on doping causes a race to the bottom
Not enough legal oversight prevents the accountability resulting from secret drone strikes.
Not everyone is able to make informed decisions
not everyone is good academically
Not everyone is good at studying
Not having availability to contraceptives is not the main issue.
"Not ""in court,"" but other considerations should be made."
No. too immature.
Not standing for the anthem doesn't do anything to actually protest injustice.
Not standing for the anthem is counterproductive because it undermines your cause.
Not standing for the national anthem is a legal form of peaceful protest, which is a First Amendment right.
Not standing for the national anthem is an ineffective and counterproductive way to promote a cause.
No, Violent Video Games Don't Cause Mass Shootings
"No way.  Out of his five ""good"" fights, he lost four of them. "
Now is not the appropriate time
Nuclear power gives countries energy security and self-sufficiency
Nuclear power has a proven track record in France, Canada and Russia and an increasing role in new energy markets
Nuclear power has many benefits, but cost is not one.
Nuclear power is not cheap.
Nuclear power is very expensive
Nuclear waste disposal is rarely safe/efficient; it is too much to expect a sqeaky clean disposal/disarmament of nuclear weapons
Nuclear weapons are required for deterrence
Nuclear weapons can fall into the wrong hands.
Nuclear weapons give states valuable agenda-setting power on the international stage
Nuclear weapons will rapidly de-escalate conflicts.
Obesity is caused by junk food.
Objectifying animals enables people to absolve themselves from their moral treatment.
Obviously, becoming pregnant as a teen shows a lack of good decision making ability.
Obviously, PRC is the China that is important.
Occasional disclosure of convictions leads to an inconsistent justice system.
Ocean acidity levels are increasing at an unprecedented rate that can only be explained by human activity.
Oceanic acidity is increasing too much to be natural.
of course not he had 5 good fights and four of them were past there best.
Offering asylum for women will be seen as a case of cultural imperialism
Often only one side of an argument is available.
Oil-fuelled Rentier economies have weak internal cohesion.
Oil leads to weak internal cohesion and Rentier economies.
Oil = Rentier economies = weak internal cohesion
On a tablet, e-textbooks can be updated instantly to get new editions or information.
One cannot negotiate while innocent people are in danger.
One cheap form of renewable energy is hydroelectric dams
One child benefits women
One doesn't need to use a cell phone when driving a vehicle
One drain on economic resources are smokers.
One drawback of social media is that it quickly facilitates the spread of rumors and falsities.
One form of animal torture is bullfighting
One language would be best to help understand EU jargon.
One needs to consider the costs for society and taxpayers that would outweigh the tax benefits should marijuana be legalized.
One of the benefits of Foreign Aid is that it also improves National Security.
One of the first principals of defense is to have superior resources.
One of the great strengths of national service is that it demonstrates that everyone is equal
One of the main features of Facebook is to talk to each other.
One outcome of hydroelectric dams is increased methane emissions.
One positive of natural resources is that it creates jobs.
One problematic outcome is that higher taxes trigger tax avoidance.
One reason to legalize marijuana is that the action leads to a decrease in criminal activity.
One result of strong  Russian leadership is corruption
One step in the direction of peace.
One step to a path leading to peace.
One way to bring together the continent of Africa is though the AU
One working language understood by all Member States is a more practical way of communicating often untranslatable yet vital EU-specific vocabulary.
Only a more representative United Nations Security Council is legitimate.
Only a two-state solution can satisfy both sides
Only God can give and take away life
Only in the case of an emergency situation.
Only in Top Class football - make a monitor available to the match officials for replay of 'ball over the goal line' incidents only.
Only more problems would arise from the prohibition of pornography
Only police officers, who have received professional qualifications, should protect the safety of the public, not private individuals who have not received such training
on possibility for evasion or backlash by the rich
On Somalia, terrorism is everywhere but we need to crack down on terrorist leaders: big potbellied men who do 'not' want to die ,who train/indocrinate impressionable minds the world over
Open thought occur with free speech.
Open travel to Cuba has not yielded change so the embargo should continue.
Operating drones results in a great deal of mental and emotional stress.
Opportunities are influenced by education
Opposition to partial birth abortion is part of a strategy intended to ban abortion in general
organ donation cannot be made compulsory
organ donation is a good thing
organs woud be ony accesible for those who have money
Other addictive substances are legal.
Other countries are even younger – in America only 16!
Other countries could strike against those developing nuclear weapons to protect themselves.
Other countries have had second popular votes.
Other countries have had second referendums
Other countries that have it have not seen a direct increase in donation.
Other entertainment media has used a rating system for a long time and books should start too.
Other forms of media are regulated and the internet is no different.
Other nations are obliged to help.
Other nations have an obligation to help
Other nations have the duty to help.
Other policies are more efficient than using the death penalty.
Other policy changes can fix Social Security more effectively and less disruptively than privatization.
Other religions have the right to wear prescribed clothing enshrined in British law, it is hypocritical not to offer Christianity the same protection.
Other religions would feel more included if the Church of England  and the British state were separate.
Other similarly situated countries including Romania and Bulgaria have be accepted into the EU.
Other small nation-states like Norway and the Republic of Ireland are successful
Other types of beverages have plastic containers that are more harmful than plastic water bottles, and bans don't necessarily reduce waste.
Our bodies were not designed for a vegan diet
Our Constitution allows us to peacefully protest legally, so there's no reason someone should be forced to stand for the anthem.
Our constitution  is based on the idea that all people are equal and thus getting married is a civil right.
Our country holds considers this very important.
Our economy suffers because of unhealthy eating
our lives belong to god
Our  main goal should not be punishing the criminal.
Our obligation to maintain freedom of speech exceeds a mere statement of support..
Our organs are our property to sell.
Our society needs independent children and a mobile phone is a great way to teach independence.
Our water requirements will be higher in the future.
Our world cultural heritage is extremely important and its destruction would constitute a crime against humanity.
Out of town malls can hinder the development of downtown areas.
Out of town malls damage town centres
Out of town retail developments are bad for the environment
Overcrowded prisons are creating poor environments for prisoners.
Overcrowding is causing the need for new prisons.
Overly forceful methods do nothing to sway people's desires to poach
Overpopulation is threatening to the environment.
Overpopulation poses environmental hazards
Overwhelming scientific consensus says human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change.
Owning land will put women in poverty.
Pack labelling or taxation a better alternative
Paid housewives have a better economic power
Palestine is a legal entity and deserves to have its voice heard on an equal footing with Israel
Palestine is a legal place and should be treated just like Israel
Palestine is a sovereign state and Israel should recognize that.
Palestine will have no other choice but to  rely on anti-Israeli regimes if funds are withheld.
Palestinian elections, although a significant step toward democracy, do not qualify their government for aid.
Palestinian government related terrorist groups cannot be funded by US and EU governments by law.
Palestinians have a right to return under international law
Parental consent would create two 'classes’ of pupil.
Parental control, privacy settings and look at Myspace/Youtube
Parental controls and privacy settings should be activated
Parental controls and setting privacy parameters in facebook are readons children should be allowed to have a facebook account.
Parental Notification is Not Enough
Parents are guardians and should be trusted to vote in their children’s interests
Parents are too busy with their careers which leads children to seek attention by being aggressive
Parents can determine which websites children visit.
Parents can make sure children aren't wasting their time online.
Parents can monitor whether children are use time online effectively.
Parents can restrict the reading of their children, but don't have a right to control what books other people read.
Parents have a right to dress their children.
Parents have a say about what their children read, but don't have a right to control what books are available to others.
Parents have the right to make the decisions for their child
Parents have the right to use their best judgment, in the light of medical advice, as to what is in the best interest of their child
Parents know what best for thier child
Parents may choose to raise their children according to a specific religion but that does not require that society must follow
Parents may control what their own children read, but don't have a right to restrict what books are available to other people.
Parents need advice when buying for children.
Parents need to know if a book is appropriate for children.
Parents need to spend time with their children or children's behavior may turn aggressive.
Parents should be free to choose their children's clothes without government interference.
Parents want to make sure the books they get for kids could be inappropriate.
Partial birth abortions are less dangerous than the current alternatives available.
Partial birth abortions are safer than any available alternative
Part of the learning process is learning that others are sometimes wrong, even teachers.
Part of the Olympic spirit is to remind everyone that we are all human and should respect one another.
Part of the process of growing up to realise that adults aren't always right.
past colonies are entitled to reparations to reconcile
Patenting drives up the cost of therapies and renders them unaffordable to the poor
Patenting enables knowledge sharing
Paying for educations is good
Paying for their education gives students sovereignty and responsibility for it
paying for their educations helps
Paying housewives for their work is an important form of economic empowerment.
Paying housewives is financially impractical.
Paying housewives promotes more positive images of women and family life
Paying housewives reduces social mobility
Paying housewives would be difficult to achieve in the real world
Paying housewives would be inconvenient
Paying housewives would give them less incentives to find better conditions
Paying off national debt via austerity measures would free-up money used for interest payments
Payment and obligation works differently in public and in private.
Payments would be more difficult to quantify in private transactions
Pays for common programs
PBS is always asking for money.
PBS is for the people
Peaceful protest, like not standing for the anthem, is protected by the First Amendment.
Peace has occurred without justice
Peace may be near
Peace may finally be at hand
Peace more important than Justice
People agree that political slogans aren't allowed and that same stance should apply here.
People are able to celebrate various life events at religious gatherings and so there is democratic support for religion.
People are able to create new social identities when the internet is anonymous.
People are entertained and the legal proceedings lose their legitimacy.
people are influenced by violent music
People are justified in listening to violent music
People are losing their lives because of climate change.
People are more comfortable using cellphones than they are interacting with each other.
people are more involved when things are more fair
People are wiling to pay, but do not
People are willing, but they end up not paying.
People can choose their sexual consumption.
"People can come together to accomplish a goal through ""crowdsourcing"" and ""crowdfunding"" on social media websites."
People can conserve water by becoming a vegetarian.
People can improve relationships and make new friends with social media.
People can not be allowed to drink until they are 21.
people cannot live off of their income
People can't be bought and sold.
People do not follow rules
People do not have to stop eating meat to improve environmental conditions.
People do not like being told what to do
People do not trust a state that allows individual monitoring.
People from East Germany feel disgruntled and this is reflected in who they vote for
People from many professions encourage the return of the gold standard.
People have a right to blaspheme
People have a right to choose their cultural values
People have a right to eat meat or anything else that they want to.
People have a right to equal chance that is provided by free university education.
People have a right to have a higher education.
People have died in connection with reality TV
People have fought for civil rights and same sex marriage is a civil right.
people have the right to a referendum
People have the right to listen to whatever music they want to.
people have the right to smoke
people immitate video games.
people in poverty usually never get out
people need accountability if what they say is not appropriate
People need identity cards for their own safety.
people need to be accountable for what is said
People need to be more tolerant of those with dyslexia and whose first language isn't English.
People need to be responsible for their own health care costs, not the government.
People no longer consume media in a linear way, people prefer to pick and choose what news they consume
People of diverse backgrounds would like to see the return of the gold standard.
People often react poorly to being censored by their governments.
People prefer to chose a healthy leader so he can concentrate on doing a good job.
People selling illegal recreational drugs are raking it in.
People should be able to easily understand what is in the book.
People should be allowed to do whatever they want to their own bodies
People should be free to take drugs
People shouldn't be convicted based on DNA evidence because it's not always accurate.
People should pay for their own health care, not have it given to them by the government.
People's needs are met best in democracies.
People's personal medical choices should be their own.
People want to know what they're buying.
People want to understand the contents of the book.
People who are destitute are more likely to turn to crime in order to satisfy basic living necessities.
People who eat meat are not harming the environment.
People who eat meat live just as long as vegetarians.
People who enjoy a standard of living that allows them to be healthy and productive will decrease drug abuse.
people who may not have many friends can use social media to get more
People who read print text comprehend more, remember more, and learn more than those who read digital text.
people who sell are making lots of money
People who sell illegal drugs are making bunches of money.
People who work for minimum wage cannot afford the things of everyday life.
People will be able to afford to use the Hyperloop.
People will drive less.
People will take advantage of the identity card system for their own benefit.
People will use alternatives to driving.
People with identity cards have an advantage.
people won't quit jobs if they are paid enough
People would learn more without a connection to Facebook.
People would not follow new laws about restricting kid's tv
People would pay but often they are given no opportunity to do so.
performers are at risk of exploitation
Persecution of homosexuals is morally wrong
Personal identifiers are the reason children should not have facebook accounts.
Personality and Expressing yourself
Personal matters should not be regulated by the state
Personal responsibility would improve in general
Persons should not be dissuaded from response.
Pest control or conservation arguments does not rationalize our use of animals as objects in blood sports.
Pharmaceutical industries make huge profits
Physical vulnerability might be a factor in being a child performer
Piracy is unlikely to be stopped without cutting off internet access.
Plain text books do not adequately prepare students for the real technological world.
Plan creates more friction between richer and poorer countries
Plan is a huge setback in human rights
Plan promotes abuse by bad governments
Plan unduly increases the control of the state over medical personnel
Playing for your country is a mortal duty.
Playing violent video games causes more aggression, bullying, and fighting.
Playing violent video games does not cause kids to commit mass shootings.
Playing violent video games leads to violent behaviors.
Playoffs begit injuries to both man and academics
Playoffs cause damaged academics and more injuries.
Playoffs cause more exposure.
Playoffs have no benefits for fans.
Playoffs Lead To More Exposure
Playoffs Offer More Suspense
Playoffs Result in More Injuries and Hurt Academics
Playoffs Would Earn Less money
Playoffs Would Not Benefit Fans
PMCs are not held to the same standards and thus should not be hired by the US government.
PMCs can be used to help intervene in dangerous situations where other countries are unwilling to provide troops and supplies.
PMCs do not have the United States's best interests at heart and are not directly accountable.
PMCs have become so ingrained in our foreign operations that they have become necessary.
PMCs have historically helped with resolving conflicts and aiding countries in winning conflicts.
PMCs help in dangerous situations.
PMCs hurt US troops and the American army.
PMCs increase the United States military resources without having to recruit or train.
PMCs often do not even engage in combat
PMCs that are native to an area may have detailed knowledge of the local area's geography and political state among other things.
PMCs violate basic human rights and international agreements in its pursuit of victory and success.
Poaching is linked to terrorism
Poetry allows people to express and understand themselves
Poetry is cross-curricular
Police Body Cameras allow true facts to come out in alleged cases of Police misconduct
Police body cameras are a good tool for learning and have strong support from members of the public.
Police body cameras are too expensive and are unreliable.
Police body cameras decrease the safety of police officers and negatively affect their physical and mental health.
Police Body Cameras ensure safer interactions between the Police and the public
Police body cameras improve police accountability and protect officers from false accusations of misconduct
Police body cameras increase the safety of the public and the police
Police body cameras invade the privacy of citizens, expose victims and witnesses of crimes, and damage police-public relationships.
Police officers are more accountable when wearing body cameras
Policies should be established which ban the promotion of sexist attitudes in advertising.
Policies towards a free labour market will create unity.
Policing does better when there is no tolerance
Policing is a dangerous job. Police officers should be allowed to arm themselves
Policing such a policy creates its own set of problems for the society and costs for the economy
political grounds should not isolate states
Politically correct societies remain so until someone decides that homogeneity is not a good thing and then trouble begins.
Political rights include freedom of expression.
Political stunt trails can be avoided with this.
Political union has numerous non-economic benefits which a trade bloc lacks
Politicians have a duty to protect its citizens and benefit its people in public service.
Politicians have a duty to public service
Politicians use the minimum wage as a bargaining tool.
Politics are enriched by referendums.
Politics involved in this system put world safety in jeopardy.
Politics should not include the head of the state as in a monarchy.
Polygamy can cause emotional harm.
poor access to contracptives is not the main problem
Poor living conditions have many impacts on the environment.
Poor states have trouble providing security
Poor treatment of terrorists affirms terrorist ideology and provides a recruitment tool, therefore the Geneva Conventions must be applied to prevent this.
Porn is inherently dehumanising
Pornography causes unreachable standards.
Pornography dehumanizes its subject.
Pornography eroticises violence
Pornography fuels unreachable ideals
Pornography gives people unrealistic ideas.
Pornography inherently makes a person less human.
Pornography liberates women
Pornography makes violence look sexy.
Positive discrimination for women is discrimination
Positive discrimination takes away voters' freedom of choice by limiting their choices to women
Positive discrimination towards women should be allowed
Positive discrimination towards women should not be allowed
Positive outcomes can be expected from re-engagement.
Possessing nuclear weapons will be counter to the peaceful interests of states
Possibility of being drawn into a long drawn out conflict
Potentially, daggers carried by Sikh school pupils can be used to harm others.
Poverty can be decreased by raising the minimum wage.
Poverty creates a vicious circle
Power should be devolved to levels lower than the national government
Practicing your religion is a right, not a priveledge.
PRC is clearly the China that matters
PR creates an unfair balance of power.
PR decreases political engagement.
Precedent established that unjust aggression would not be accepted.
Precedent (Romania and Bulgaria)
Predicting and protecting the future nation
Predictions of accelerating human-caused climate change are based upon computerized climate models that are inadequate and incorrect.
Presentation of fictional events glamourises knife crime
Presents a bold new path
Preventing dependence
Preventing discrimination in sport
Preventing intelligence gathered by agencies from being used in court harms the ability to fight terrorism.
Prevent Prostitution From Going Underground
Prevents the coercion of school children
Prevents the marginalisation of non-believers
PR increases political engagement which benefits society.
Print textbooks are less likely to be stolen than tablets.
Print textbooks cannot crash, freeze, or get hacked.
Prisoners at Guantanamo experience unconscionable treatment.
Prisoners of war do not include terrorists.
Prisoners should be rehabilitated, not imprisoned.
Prison is punishment
Prisons simply do not have enough space for the amount of offenders there are.
Private 3D printers make it impossible to regulate illegal products
Private accounts benefit the poor and minorities.
Private accounts give individuals control over their retirement decisions.
Private accounts would allow benefits to be inherited.
Privatising PSBs would improve the efficiency of their operations and the quality of their programming
Privatising social security will harm retirees
Privatising social security will increase the amount of money that reitrees can draw on
Privatising social security would improve economic growth
Privatising the social security system would harm economic growth
Privatized social security is a bad idea.
Privatizing Social Security will not solve its problems.
Privatizing Social Security will put billions of dollars into the pockets of Wall Street financial services corporations in the form of brokerage and management fees.
Privatizing Social Security would do nothing to solve its impending insolvency, and would actually make it worse.
Privatizing Social Security would expand, not reduce, government bureaucracy.
Privatizing Social Security would reduce Government waste and hence, improve the nation's economy
PR leads to weaker government.
Problems are not going to be stopped by criminalisation
Problems with symbolic justice
Processed vegetarian protein is less environmentally friendly than eating meat
Processed vegetarian protein options such as tofu can cause more greenhouse gas pollution than farming meat.
Produces Employment
Producing one hamburger destroys 55 square feet of rainforest.
Productivity and economic growth have increased at a faster rate than minimum wage.
Profiling exacerbates terrorism as it reinforces the perception that Muslims and marginalised ethnic groups face prejudice.
Profiling is simply institutionalizing racism an reduces minorities to the status of second class citizens
Profiling would have caught many of the perpetrators of terrorism in recent years.
Progress in ending conflict in Africa
Progression in medical science can only be a benefit
progress is ending conflict in Africa
Progressive systems are invariably highly complex and inefficient in implementation, breeding the knock-on inefficiencies of evasion and avoidance
Progressive taxation promotes a more equal, more harmonious society
Progressive taxes place an unfair and disproportionate burden on the wealthy
Progressive tax rates are unfair to the wealthy.
progress will end conflict in Africa
Prohibiting soda violates a person's right to pick what they want.
Prohibiting suicide sends the message that it is not an acceptable behaviour
Prohibition does not work; instead, it glamorizes drugs
Prohibition is counterproductive
Proliferation of nuclear weapons increases the chances of nuclear accidents
Prominent religious bodies believe that non-heterosexuals seeking to be wed devalue the crucible of the marriage relationship.
promote sport for future female athlese
Promoting religious freedom exacerbates conflict
Property has no bearing on women's wealth.
Property rights for cohabiting couples will undermine the institution of marriage
Proportionality
Proportional representation does not maintain a fair balance of power.
proportional representation insures everyone has a voice
Proportional representation makes people less interested in politics.
Proposal will exacerbate the HIV problem
Prosecution provides closure for the victims of war crimes.
Prosecutions are needed for victims
Prosecutions don't get to the real truth
Prostitutes have some safety with this legalisation.
Prostitutes will be safer under legalisation
Prostitution has benefits.
Prostitution hurts vulnerable women.
Prostitution is responsible for preventing some incidence of sex crime.
Prostitution Should Be Legalised to Protect and educate Sex Workers
Prostitution takes advantage of women, turning them into victims.
Protecting endangered species protects the interests of humans
Protection of Minors
Protect the entire global populace.
Protests are a natural form of response.
Provides autonomy for developing countries
Provides the foundation which supports a rational set of ideas which foster an ideal in favor of Data Freedom.
Providing all citizens the right to health care is good for economic productivity.
Providing a right to health care could create a doctor shortage.
Providing a right to health care could raise taxes.
Providing attention simply encourages the regime
Providing gun control laws can reduc societal costs associated with gun violence.
Provision of care services requires such disclosure
PR produces fairer results
PSBs bring nations and people together and are an actively positive force within the mediasphere
PSBs funding sources give them an unfair advantage in the broadcasting market, harming competition.
PSBs provide quality and original content that can cater for niche or commercially unattractive market segments
Psychological harms of polygamy
PTSD is much less prevalent amonst drone pilots than those who participate in traditional warfare.
Public acknowledgement of the right to nuclear deterrence will benefit the public regulation of nuclear weapons generally
Public health would be improved because everyone would have access to health care whenever they need it.
Publicity creates a public forum for terrorist organizations.
Publicity of terrorism garners more attention on it and makes for bad decision making.
Publicity serves as a tool for terrorist organizations.
Public safety should be left to professionally qualified police officers, not private citizens with little or no expert training.
Public transport helps keep business profitable
Public transport is more green.
Punishing someone for not sticking to the rule can be seen as violating a women's rights
Punishment should not be the primary focus.
Punishments should be the same
Pupils will bring unhealthy food with them to schools.
Putin uses blasphemy charges in order to solidify his hold on power.
Quebec's independence is mandated by law.
Quotas are Inherently Helpful
Quotas can drive players away.
Racial quotas don’t develop new players
Radicalisation cannot be stopped by criminalisation
Rainforests are destroyed to support animals used for food.
Raising animals for food contributes to air and water pollution.
Raising animals for food is not cruel.
Raising corporate income taxes lowers worker wages, which leads to increased unemployment.
raising minimum wage raises everyone's pay
Raising minimum wage will increase the cost the living.
Raising minimum wage will increase the poverty rate.
Raising minimum wage will increase the unemployment level.
Raising the minimum wage does not help unskilled workers.
Raising the minimum wage should not harm small businesses.
Raising the minimum wage would decrease employee benefits and increase tax payments.
Raising the minimum wage would decrease high school enrollment rates and increase drop-out rates.
Raising the minimum wage would disadvantage low-skilled workers.
Raising the minimum wage would encourage companies to outsource jobs to countries where costs would be lower.
Raising the minimum wage would force employers to find lower cost labor
Raising the minimum wage would help reduce the federal deficit.
Raising the minimum wage would hollow out companies through outsourcing to lower cost labor
Raising the minimum wage would increase economic activity and spur job growth.
Raising the minimum wage would increase housing costs.
Raising the minimum wage would increase poverty.
Raising the minimum wage would increase school attendance and decrease high school drop-out rates.
Raising the minimum wage would increase the price of consumer goods.
Raising the minimum wage would lead to a healthier population and prevent premature deaths.
Raising the minimum wage would lead to less truancy and also lower drop out rates.
Raising the minimum wage would price teens and other entry-level employees out of a job
Raising the minimum wage would reduce crime.
Raising the school learning age promotes equal opportunities
Raising the school-leaving age is a crucial investment in society's future
Raising the school-leaving age is a crucial investment in society’s future
Raising the school leaving age promotes equal opportunities
Randomly checking passengers’ identities is much safer than allowing terrorists to know in advance who the authorities are seeking.
Rape victims have no choice when it comes to getting pregnant, therefore they should have the right to terminate the pregnancy
Rate of violence has been steadily dropping as violent games are being released
Rather than create more spaces in prison, we should rehabilitate and release prisoners.
Rating systems for other media have been effective for other media and should be used for books.
Readers of all kinds are adapting to books being produced in new formats, publishers need to respond to this decline.
Reading encourages empathy and social-emotional development, and books are a portal to different life experiences.
Reality TV can provide you with hours of enjoyment.
Reality TV has had fatal consequences.
Reality TV is disgusting.
Reality TV shows allow ordinary individuals a chance of stardom.
Reality TV shows allow us to see the real personalities of celebrities.
Reality TV shows are just there to make money for their creators.
Reality TV shows bring out the worse in people.
Reality TV shows make celebrities out of talentless individuals.
Reality TV shows provide wonderful entertainment.
real life violent behaviors may be stimulated by video games
Recruitment occurs through various other channels than through public news sources.
Redistributing wealth to balance the inequality of income disparity
Redistribution of wealth internal to a country is done most efficently through the use of subsidies.
Red meat can be unhealthy if eaten in large quantities and too often but is healthy in moderation.
Reduces public apathy about, and disengagement from, politics.
Reduce the prominence of bad and fake drugs
Reducing speed reduces deaths
Reducing the wealth gap is practical and efficient.
Reducing trust in the state
Re-engagement is the best option for this region.
Re-engagement will do more harm than good.
Re-engagement will weaken the reform movement
Referendums allow for greater validity in political outcomes.
Referendums are good politically.
Referendums are more about PR than politics.
Referendums are very artificial.
Referendums can lend greater validity to political outcomes
Reform would never be agreed upon.
reform would not be agreed upon
Refugees can fit in well in the Gulf States.
Refusing to stand for the national anthem angers many and sows division in our country.
Refusing to stand for the national anthem can be viewed as disrespectful
Refusing to stand for the national anthem shows disrespect for the flag and members of the armed forces.
Regardless of the outcome, the Iraq war was still a poorly conceived decision.
Regardless of the views expressed, freedom of speech means that all opinions should be heard.
Regional factors favour re-engagement
Regional factors show re-engagement would be positive.
Regressive and biased is how the Monarchy system is.
Regulating arranges marriages in EU countries would be impossible.
Regulation is Necessary for the Stabilization of Markets and Employment
Rehabilitation flourishes with zero tolerance
Rehabilitation is the answer not extra prison spaces.
RE helps to challenge misconceptions, prejudice and ignorance which can divide society.
Rejecting the Ban on Cluster Bombs Hurts the international image of the U.S.
Relations between Scots and English are deteriorating
Release is not the Solution
Religion belongs in the home, not schools.
Religion Does NOT Cause War.
Religion Does Not Condone Destructive War
Religion does not embraces marriage bonds between same-sex couples.
Religion does not have power over marriage and it should not be limited to heterosexual marriage based on that religion.
Religion does not motivate foreign policy
Religion does not promote violence.
Religion's Net Impact On The World Is A Positive One
Religious belief is completely irrational
Religious ceremonies and organisations provide solace and celebration for the great changes in life such as birth, marriage and death, there is democratic support for this around the world
Religious clothing is a matter of personal choice
Religious Doctrine Preaches Altruism
Religious education is a crucial step toward acceptance of others.
Religious education is not based on scientific facts.
Religious education will help our society mend its differences.
Religious events are a good place for people to celebrate various life milestones.
Religious expression needs to be guaranteed for all of us as part of our most fundamental rights!
religious expression should be freely decided
Religious instruction should be taught inside the home, not in public schools.
Religious organisations are by far the largest providers of charity in the world
Religious organisations provide the most charitable giving among anyone else worldwide.
Religious pluralism creates a more tolerant and peaceful society
Religious pluralism enables a more blended and inclusive society.
Religious symbols harm no one
Remittance gets rid of poverty
Remittances creates freedom of choice for individuals
remittances have showed a lot of progress in third world countries
Remittances reduce poverty
Remittances won’t be focused on development work
Remote controlled weapons systems keep people safer.
Removing Tax Cuts Would Reduce the Deficit
Removing under god would promote religious tolerance
Removing VAT would increase sales of healthy drinks
Removing welfare system would encourage productivity.
Renewables are mostly unproven, experimental technologies being developed on a small-scale basis that is not ready to take up the gap to move away from fossil fuels under climate change agreements
Renewed conflict will come about from secession.
Reparations can repair colonial scars.
Reparations could close colonial scars
Reparations could help the developing world
Reparations demonstrate a true concern for the developing world.
Reparations  focus on the nations of previous frontier powers who had nothing to do with the deeds submitted under colonization.
Reparations mean concern for the world that is developing
Reparations unfairly burden taxpayers of former colonial powers who had nothing to do with colonization.
Reparations unfairly target the taxpayers of former colonial powers who had nothing to do with the deeds committed under colonisation.
Reparations unjustifiably focus on the citizens of previous frontier powers who had nothing to do with the deeds submitted under colonization.
Reparations would be a step towards closing colonial scars.
Reparations would correct economic imbalance
Reparations would correct the colonial imbalance
Reparations would effectively right the economic imbalance caused by colonialism.
repayment of reparations would be a step toward making things right
Replacing textbooks with tablets can lead to dangerous consequences for human and environmental health.
Replacing the welfare system would do irreparable damage to the poorest people.
Representative democracy is far better suited to dealing with a large electorate.
Reproductive choice empowers women by giving them control over their own bodies.
Reproductive choice protects women from financial disadvantage.
Republika Srpska  cannot survive economically as an independent state.
Republika Srpska isn't economically viable.
Required national service shows everyone that every person is equal to each other
Requiring school attendance allows welfare to be the hand-up that it is meant to be, and keep children out of crime.
Research has shown violent video games encourage criminal and anti-social behaviour
Reservation is having a fair competition that man students have to suffer.
Resolving the health service crisis?
Resource abundance has led to poor governance
Resources are a source of conflict
Resources are best allocated with aid instead of free trade.
resources flow out still
resources still flow out
Resources still flow out of the country
Respecting the 'rituals' of the school.
[Response to rebuttal] Redistributive tax, even when progressive, does not hinder growth and achieves the purpose of bridging the wealth gap--to which the Opposition seems not to disagree!
Restricting Habeas Corpus is necessary in the face of the new and dangerous threat which modern terrorism poses.
Restricting soda hurts a person's ability to make decisions on their own.
Restricting video games only makes people more interested in them.
Restricting violent video games will have no correlation to a reduction in societal crime.
Restriction based on social disgust prevents socially liberal ideas from flourishing
Restrictions benefit the health of third parties
Restrictions cause an incredible loss of potential
Restrictions on migration would benefit people in the cities economically and socially
Restrictions on religious freedom creates conflict
Restrictions reach out to the general population
Restrictions would be ineffective
Retirees will suffer if social security is privatized.
Returning to a gold standard could destabilize and crash the already fragile United States economy.
Returning to a gold standard could harm national security by restricting the country’s ability to finance national defense.
Returning to a gold standard would be a large waste of time, money, and resources.
Returning to a gold standard would be extremely difficult, if not impossible, given the scarcity of gold and the vast amount of money already in circulation in the United States.
Returning to a gold standard would limit government’s ability to address unemployment.
Returning to a gold standard would lower inflation rates and slow the rise in consumer prices.
Returning to a gold standard would reduce the US trade deficit.
Returning to a gold standard would stabilize the price of oil and help slow the rise in gasoline prices.
Reunification of the Korea peninsular is unaffordable
Rewards are relatively ineffective for motivating students
Rewards do not always work in motivating students.
Rich countries recruiting medical personnel from poorer countries is a setback for human rights.
Rich countries should actively recruit medical personnel from poor ones, and with this freedom must come the responsibility to reimburse them fully for the cost of their training.
Richness in resources has caused our leaders to govern poorly
Rights of terrorists may be protected without the Geneva Conventions.
Rising levels of atmospheric CO2 do not necessarily cause global warming, which contradicts the core thesis of human-caused climate change.
Rising levels of human-produced gases released into the atmosphere create a greenhouse effect that traps heat and causes global warming.
Risk of kidney stones and gallstones can be reduced with a vegetarian diet.
Risk of nuclear weapons falling into the wrong hands
Rural life is miserable and has higher mortality rates than cities
Russia and the United States can get along.
Russia as a state and Russians as a nation need strong leadership
Russia gets what it wants
Russia has a need to protect civilians
Russia is no longer a threat
Russian and the US have many areas where they can cooperate.
Russian and US economic interests conflict
Russian and US strategic interests conflict
Russian civilians need to be protected
Russian leadership causes corruption.
Russian mountains seem to have hidden its politics and created a shadow of deception upon the world Russian cold weather seems to have kept its intentions in the dark of the Siberian tundra...
Russians need strong leadership.
Russia should negotiate with the new government
Sacrifice of sovereignty
Saddam Hussein is gone and Iraq is now functioning as one of very few democracies in the Middle East
Same sex couple should have the same rights as heterosexual couples
Same-sex couples should have access to the same benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples.
Same-sex households should have the same rights as opposite-sex households.
Same-sex marriage is a civil right.
Same-sex marriage may have a lower divorce rate than heterosexual marriage proving once and for all that gay marriage is good for the institution of marriage.
Same-Sex marriages should have the same legal protections as regular marriages.
Sanctions are a proportionate response
Sanctions are indiscriminate
Sanctions are necessary for national security
Sanctions are not working
Sanctions harm the Cuban people.
Sanctions require international agreement to be effective
Sanctions will prevent escalation in cyber conflict
Sanctions won't work
Sanctuary Cities allow criminals to evade law enforcement authorities
Sanctuary cities are a peaceful coexistence between immigrants and law enforcement.
Sanctuary cities are needed to protect undocumented immigrants against federal immigration laws.
Sanctuary cities are safer because they encourage good relationships between undocumented immigrants and law enforcement.
Sanctuary cities harbor criminals, creating a dangerous environment for US citizens.
Sanctuary Cities hinder cooperation between local and federal government
Sanctuary Cities prevent federal law enforcement agencies from doing their jobs
Sanctuary Cities undermine the effectiveness of local and state law enforcement agencies
Sanctuary policies are legal and protected by the Tenth Amendment.
Sanctuary policies defy federal laws to which state and local governments are bound.
Sanctuary policies prevent local and state police officers from doing their jobs.
Saturated fats in meat help the immune and nervous system.
Saying the wrong thing at work could cost a company money and should cause employees to lose jobs.
Saying the wrong thing at work should lead to dismissal since it shows a lack of professionalism.
Scarce public resources.
Scavengers cause problems for the shop and make the atmosphere unpleasant.
Scholars will have better access to artefacts, and more opportunities for study and collaboration, if they are stored in the west
School and public libraries should not expose children to sex, violence, drug use, or other inappropriate topics.
Schools are the best at changing lifestyles
Schools are the best place to create lasting lifestyle changes.
Schools are the best place to create lasting positive habits.
Schools are the best place to implement long lasting lifestyle changes.
Schools set the foundation for life
Schools should educate about healthy choices, not make them on the students’ behalf.
schools should educate on health
schools should educate the masses on healthy choices
School uniforms can save parents money.
School uniforms create a level playing field among students, reducing peer pressure and bullying.
School uniforms do not improve attendance, academic preparedness, or exam results.
School uniforms do not stop bullying and may increase violent attacks.
School uniforms emphasize the socio-economic divisions they are supposed to eliminate.
School uniforms in public schools undermine the promise of a free education by imposing an extra expense on families.
School uniforms keep students focused on their education, not their clothes.
School uniforms make getting ready for school easier, which can improve punctuality.
School uniforms may delay the transition into adulthood.
School uniforms may deter crime and increase student safety.
School uniforms may improve attendance and discipline.
School uniforms prevent the display of gang colors and insignia.
School uniforms promote conformity over individuality.
School uniforms restrict students' freedom of expression.
School uniforms undermine access to education by imposing expenses.
science does not mean fact
science is fact and religious education is opinion
Science is grounded in fact whereas religion is not.
Science lessons are not always comprised of undisputed fact
Science lessons are sometimes centered on theories instead of facts.
Science lessons do not always represent undisputed facts.
Science lessons tend to deal with fact, as opposed to opinion as in a religious education lesson
Science teachers should be sympathetic to each individual student
scientific inquiry does not come up with facts
Scientific theories can easily explain the Universe without a need for God in the discussion of reality.
Scientology has a hideous record of harrrassing critics.
Scientology has an established strategy of vilifying critics.
Scientology has a reputation for targetting skeptics.
Scotland has different interests to rUK
Scotland's economy cannot survive if it doesn't have England to lean on.
Scotland will be unable to survive economically without England
Scotland would not be able to survive independently without England.
Scots would not be in favor of voting for independence.
Scottish independence might be a faster route out of the EU than a referendum.
Scottish independence should be considered in lieu of a referendum.
Scrapping tuition fees could mean moving to a graduate tax where students do not need to pay anything up front.
Scrapping tuition fees would increase social mobility
Sea levels have been steadily rising for thousands of years, and the increase has nothing to do with humans.
Secession will lead to renewed conflict.
Second hand smoke can cause lung cancer in young children with weak immune systems
Second referendums have been done in other countries.
Secrecy prevents accountability for drone strikes.
Security changes to arise when UK leaves EU.
Security is better shared
Security is stronger when there are others involved
Selective abortion based on genetic abnormalities (eugenic termination) is overt discrimination.
Self-determination and independence is recognition of the fact that indigenous peoples were unfairly treated by colonial powers, and their proprietary rights abused.
Self-determination can destabilise nation states, sometimes with very destructive consequences.
Self-determination embodies the fundamental right of peoples to decide their own futures.
Self-determination is about deciding your own fate.
Self-determination is a human right
Self-Determination is a right that all Serbs are entitled to.
Self-determination is how we resolve some intractable issues.
Self-determination is irrelevant in the era of universal human rights.
Self-determination is necessary to protect minority cultures.
Self-determination offers a way to resolve otherwise intractable disputes.
Selling at a loss is a practical way of shifting products that have failed to sell.
Selling one's body for porn is anti-feminist.
Separating Church and State in England would be harmful to national identity.
Separation of state and religion
Separation would benefit secular peoples, as their work would be seen as being acknoweldged and appreciated by the sate.
Separation would create animosity towards immigrants and non-Christians.
Separation would show acceptance of other religions.
Separation would show non-religious people that their contributions to the state are valued.
Seperation of the Church and State would ensure that non-religious people feel valued for their contributions to the state.
Seperation of the Church and the State in England would have a negative impact on nationalist sentiment.
Serbs are entitled to control their own future.
Serbs have a right to Self-Determination.
Serious threats to our society sometimes justify restricting a specific person or group's freedom of speech.
Settlements remove Palestinians from their own land, and they produce a self-perpetuating cycle in their sear
Several communities in EU countries would feel targeted and begin to resent authorities should arranged marriages be banned.
Several vaccines Dysregulate The Immune System
Sex is a choice.
Sexist advertising is harmful to society, especially women.
Sexist advertising is just another way of keeping women down.
Sexist advertising is profitable
Sex markets are bad for society.
Sex markets undermine the institution of marriage.
Sex satisfies certain markets.
sex work can be regulated if made legal
Sex work is a real line of work and should be treated as such
Sex work is legitimate work.
Shakespeare as national treasure
Shakespeare can be innapropriate for younger readers.
Shakespeare enriches our language
Shakespeare has enriched the English language.
Shakespeare has improved the English language.
Shakespeare is a national treasure.
Shakespeare is not always age appropriate.
Shakespeare is not easily accessible.
Shakespeare isn't the best poet ever
Shakespeare is overrated.
Shakespeare is too advanced
Shakespeare is too complex to be understood easily.
Shakespeare should be considered a national treasure.
SHARIA ESPECIALLY ISLAMIC CRIMINAL LAW SHOULD BE ADPOTED
Sharia Is God Law It is Fair and Just and it should be Implemented
Sharia jurisprudence would not allow for Sharia to be adopted in the UK
Sharia law is divinely mandated, is just, and should be implemented.
Sharia law is unfair to women and incompatible with justice
Sharing on social media without permission can expose artists to copyright infringement, loss of intellectual property, and income loss
Shifting to the left is a strong move by Labour.
Should not damage a normal childhood with jail
Should recognise a democracy
Showcase for a nation and continent
Showing Africa can solve its own problems
Showing one's Christian faith is important to the religion and should be approved
Showing witness identity puts them in harm's way.
Simply narrows the G8 making it irrelevant
Simply put, the Islanders strongly wish to remain British.
Simulating violence such as shooting guns and hand-to-hand combat in video games can cause real-life violent behavior.
Since America was founded it has incorporated a multitude of languages from all over the world.
Since it is considered unsafe, human cloning should be banned.
Since mobile phone aid in the learning process, every child should have one.
Since people are choosing whether to go to places, smoking shouldn't be banned there,
Single child families are economically efficient
Single women could build good homes with land titles.
Sixteen is too young to make decisions.
Sixteen year olds are too immature to judge the validity of political arguments.
Sixteen years would be a better option in developed countries
Size zero models should be banned.
Skilled individuals carry the underskilled individuals who have been appointed due to their colour
Skin-whitening creams are dangerous.
Slang keeps young people from becoming potential employers and preparing for the future.
Slang prevents young people from preparing for the future and keeps them from becoming employers.
Slang prevents young people to become potential employers as well as prepared for the future
slower speeds prevent death
Small and mid sized businesses cannot afford the extra costs involved in complying with such a policy.
Small and mid sized businesses do not have the financial resources to comply with this policy.
Small children are not helped by having homework.
Small countries would be able to pursue their independence without having to rely on larger countries.
Small countries would no longer need the protection of larger ones, so could become more politically independent.
Smallpox doesn't exist anymore thanks to vaccines, and other diseases are on the ropes thanks to them.
Smokers are a drain on economic resources
Smoking and drinking in films has not been proven as a direct influence of the viewers.
smoking cannabis keeps you from focusing
smoking don't necessarily have to be banned
Smoking ends peoples lives when they could have had a great futurees lives
Smoking in movies is often used as a way for tobacco companies to promote their products.
Smoking is a human right.
Smoking is a personal choice, and should not be restricted.
Smoking restrictions aid in second hand smoke effects.
smoking should be banned in public places
Smoking shouldnt be banned
Smoking shouldn't be banned in places where people choose to be.
Social change
Social disgust can be central to artwork
Socialism can be molded to fit the needs of the moment.
Socialism died out, making way for Capitalism.
Socialism has changed historically to meet the challenges of the moment and is addressing those of the 21st century in new ways
socialism have changed and adapted to meet the upcoming challenges of the 21st century
Socialism is a an ever changing set of principles that can be applied in new ways to meet the challenges of a changing world.
Socialism is a more secure system than the free market in Capitalism
Socialism is no longer seen as a viable option and even the Left has accepted that Capitalism is a better system.
Socialism outranks capitalism in security.
Socialism was a twentieth century ideology which ran its course and ran out of steam when it became clear that Capitalism worked better
Social learning theory supports such a correlation
Social media aids the spread of hate groups.
Social media allows business women to flourish.
Social media allows for quick, easy dissemination of public health and safety information from reputable sources.
Social media allows for rapid communication during crisis events.
Social media allows for the rapid dissemination of untrue data.
Social media allows law enforcement to catch and prosecute criminals.
Social media allows people from around the USA to gather together to discuss political ideas and make change.
Social media allows people to improve their relationships and make new friends.
Social media can be a tool in the fight against social discrimination.
Social media can be powerful educational resources.
Social media can bring harm to groups such as the military, journalists and activists.
Social media can cause inappropriate student-teacher relations.
Social media can damage students' chances of admission to colleges
Social media can endanger the military, journalists, and activists.
Social media can entice people to waste time.
Social media can facilitate inappropriate student-teacher relationships.
Social media can help alleviate the shunning of the socially marginalized.
Social media can help a person connect with people to alleviate depression.
Social media can help disarm social stigmas.
Social media can help prosecute criminals
Social media can lead to stress and offline relationship problems.
Social media can start inappropriate student-teacher problems.
Social media causes people to spend less time interacting face-to-face.
Social media creates a positive atmosphere in the classroom.
Social media enables government and business interests to invade the privacy of its users.
Social media enables people to bully others online.
"Social media enables ""sexting,"" which can lead to criminal charges and the unexpected proliferation of personal images."
Social media enables the spread of unreliable and false information.
Social media facilitates cyberbullying.
Social media facilitates political change.
Social media facilitates quick and easy contact during times of crisis.
Social media harms employees' productivity.
Social media has been found to be used for criminal activity.
Social media has been linked to stress and problems in personal relationships in the real world.
Social media helped to motivate people to get out and vote.
social media help people find friends
Social media helps empower business women.
Social media helps job-seekers connect with employers
Social media helps people who are socially isolated or shy connect with other people.
Social media helps senior citizens feel more connected to society.
Social media helps small businesses find talented workers.
Social media increases voter participation.
Social media is a good tool in a classroom.
Social media is beneficial to corporations and businesses.
Social media is good for people who want to interact, but have social anxiety in person.
Social media is good for the economy.
Social media is often used by higher education to find new students.
Social media is useful in times of emergencies as it enables instant contact.
Social media lacks privacy and exposes users to government and corporate intrusions.
Social media offers a way for musicians and artists to build audiences even if they don't have a corporate contract.
Social media offers students a chance to do better in school.
Social media offers teachers a platform for collaboration with other teachers and communication with students outside the classroom.
Social media posts are not able to be completely deleted and all the information that was posted can have unintended consequences.
Social media posts cannot be completely deleted and all information posted can have unintended consequences.
Social media posts can't be deleted permanently and the information that is posted can have unintended consequences.
Social media provides academic research to a wider audience, allowing many people access to previously unavailable educational resources.
Social media relates school to life.
Social media sites' advertising practices may constitute an invasion of privacy.
Social media sites' advertising practices might invade peoples' privacy.
Social media sites can have advertising practices that are an invasion to privacy.
Social media sites empower individuals to make social change and do social good on a community level.
Social media sites have helped people raise money for medical procedures.
Social media sites help employers find employees and job-seekers find work.
Social media sites help students do better at school.
Social media sites often lead to relationship problems and other stress in real life.
Social media spreads information faster than any other media.
Social media tends to have people getting too immersed in it.
Social media use can harm students' chances to be admitted to colleges
Social medica can act as an educational tool.
Social networking sites are a massive time drain.
Social networks serve as a powerful signalling device for the expansion of violent behaviour
Social problems can be solved without resorting to physical punishments.
social secrity need not be provate
Social Security going private would increase efficiencies and allow retirees to see more of their money
Social Security is an equalizer, leveling the playing field for rich and poor, whereas private accounts would favor the wealthy.
social security should not be private
Social stability through the use of dictatorships.
Society benefits by an increase in medical science.
Society benefits from prostitution.
society can be damaged.
Society gives an unfair advantage to certain groups of people and reducing the wealth gap will help achieve more equality.
Society has a moral responsibility to educate all its young people
Society is put at ease when everyone is as equally under the thumb of the dictator as everyone else.
Society sees economic gains through vaccinations.
Society's future depends on raising the school-leaving age.
Society should make it easier for all young people to receive an education.
Society tends to be more equitable when a progressive taxation system is adopted.
Software allowing the evasion of censorship and concealment of identity online is inexpensive and can have a far reach.
Soicial Networking Sites are a Time-Waster
Somalian terrorists need to be stopped.
Some child performers may be exploited by industry executives.
Some countries may be left without representation
Some jobs genuinely need higher qualifications.
Some just don’t bother to register as a donor, even if they support the cause.
Some members of the EU have poor relationships with Turkey.
Some of the material covered is inappropriate for younger readers.
some people are not good at studying
Some people are unable to handle the rigor of university-level coursework.
Some people find immoral ingredients in vaccines.
Some people will be distressed by the removal of their loved-ones’ organs
Some skills are better learned outside the classroom.
Some study's suggest that obesity may be more linked to your genes than your lifestyle
Sometimes it is more important to keep their sources rather than risk losing them at trial
Sometimes it’s the only tool in the box
Sometimes the law is wrong.
Some vegetarian options cause more greenhouse gas emissions than meat production
some young people would be taken out of workforce by compulsory studying
South Africa should not annex a weak nation.
South Africa should not get involved with an underdeveloped country
South Africa will gain influence, stability and a better image on the international stage
South America is hurt by the FTAA.
South Ossetia can determine itself, if it should be independent
South Ossetia has a right to self-determination
South Ossetian independence will enable future peace.
South Ossetian independence will help prevent future conflict
Sovereignty and non intervention in internal affairs
Sovereignty of the Seas
Sovereign Wealth funds are not transparent
Sovereign wealth funds must be regulated
Space is already used for military purposes
Spain as a nation is indivisible.
Spain is one indivisible nation
Span proliferates with anonymity on the internet.
Speaking one language that all members can understand is the best way to ensure effective communication.
Special interrogation methods are necessary in order to combat the terrorist threat
Special recognition protects and fortifies minority rights
Spending on youth is best for the economy
Spending the workday in an office with our colleagues is the right thing to do.
Sports shooting desensitizes people to the lethal nature of firearms
Start your children early on the habit of  good healthy food and it will stay with them throughout their lives.
State control of  acceptance/curriculum criteria has negative effects
State governments should have the right to establish a lower legal drinking age that reflects their unique demographics, legal context, and history.
State registrars conducting marriage ceremonies could not discriminate between homosexual and heterosexual couples
State resources could be better used in areas other than supporting free university education
State-sanctioned killing is wrong.
States' duty to avoid the use of force when solving social problems
States’ duty to avoid the use of force when solving social problems
States should act to help civilians in failing states to prevent humanitarian crises
states should be united despite political grounds.
States should not be isolated on political grounds
States will give terrorists nuclear weapons
States will monitor each other, and an international body could be set up
States with nuclear weapons are afforded more authority to set agendas at international levels.
Stealing and invading privacy is fundamentally wrong.
Sterilising Boom Revenues Helps Saving.
Stimulating businesses through tax-cuts and deregulation will be engine for economic recovery.
stop discrimination in sport
Stoping smoking is safer for everyone's health.
Strategic missile defense technology is substantially more advanced and discriminating in application than nuclear weapons, making potential future wars less potentially devastating
Strict gun control laws do not work in Mexico, and will not work in the United States.
Strong leaders benefits outweigh the negatives.
Student health is harmed by tablet use.
Student learning can be customized using tablets
Students already get the relevant information needed with textbooks.
Students are more respected when they wear uniforms.
Students can be recruited to universities through social media.
Students can express their individuality in school uniforms by introducing variations and adding accessories.
Students could use the tablets in distracting ways.
Students deserve to learn about different theories from each religion
Students do better using social media sites.
Students do not need to pay anything up front if scrapping tuition fees could mean moving to a graduation tax
Students don't want school uniforms.
Students dressed in uniform are better perceived by teachers and peers.
Students find it hard to pay prescription fees
students grades have gone up from social media
Students learn better from books than from screens.
Students' legal right to free expression remains intact even with mandatory school uniforms.
Students may increase the number of excuses for not doing their schoolwork if tablets replace textbooks.
students need new ideas from religion
Students need to study the basics of language not a complex form such as poetry
Students oppose school uniforms.
Students read more on tablets than on paper.
Student's rights are not violated when wearing uniforms.
Students should be educated to make healthy dietary choices.
Students should learn about all theories of our beginnings.
Students should learn creationist throeries from all religions.
students should learn different ideas from religion
Students should not be forbidden from eating certain foods, they should be educated about them.
Students stand against school uniforms.
Students who are heavy social media users tend to have lower grades.
Students who own tablets purchase and read more books than those who read print books alone.
Students will have to pay British tuition fees
Students without home internet would be at a disadvantage.
Studies claiming a causal link between video game violence and real life violence are flawed.
"Studies have shown that violent video games can have a positive effect on kindness, civic engagement, and ""prosocial” behaviors."
Studies show that vegetarians are up to 40% less likely to develop cancer than meat eaters.
Subsidies are the most efficient way for a state to redistribute wealth within its borders.
Subsidies create a sense of social equality
Substandard living conditions have a broad environmental impact
Success depends on military intervention.
Such a big project is beyond DRC’s capacity
Such a move is historically and morally justified
Such a tax would not work
Such bans are easy to side step.
Such extensive regulations would not help a capitalist economy.
Such measures would be unfair and unjust
Such reparations would do little to actually improve the developing countries.
Such reparations would do little to actually improve the less developed countries.
Such reparations would not actually improve developing countries much.
Suicide is a rational choice in many situations.
Suicide is a selfish act that causes suffering to others
Suicide is a waste of life
Suicide undermines the sanctity of the human body
Summary- punishing the 'entire' team by taking away their medals not going to bring intended benefits prop suggests.
Superior teachers who evolve are due to competition with education
Supermarkets can be held legally responsible if someone gets sick from food they have thrown out.
Supporting an employee after such a statement could imply agreement by the employer
Supporting domestic development and domestic markets
Surely thought comes before language
Surely thought comes before language.
Suspending Habeas Corpus makes it easier for terrorist organisations to demonise the US and its Allies, and thus to recruit more terrorists in its fight against the West.
Suspending Habeas Corpus undermines the moral high ground of the US and its Allies, and strengthens the cause of the terrorists which these nations are fighting against.
Sustainability of such taxes and their effect on sustainability within a country.
Sustained Overexploitation Leads to Depletion
SWFs can harm national security
SWFs should be welcomed for the benefits they bring rather than ostracized for doing what others do.
Switzerland and Norway have compatible philosophies to the EU.
symbols for religious benefit bothers no one
Syria clearly meets the standards for intervention
Syria has not lived up to its commitments
‘Systemic aid’ is detrimental to African society
Systemic aid' is detrimental to African society
Tablets allow greater flexibility.
Tablets allow teachers to better customize student learning.
Tablets are able to store hundreds of textbooks on one single device, including homework, quizzes and files and it also takes away the need to have to store books and materials for the class physically.
Tablets are easy to understand and make learning fun.
Tablets are more susceptible to theft than print textbooks.
Tablets are shown to increase student reading.
Tablets are unnecessary because print textbooks that are not brand new still convey relevant information to K-12 students.
Tablets assist students in passing exams.
Tablets can easily send and receive all information any other student and teacher may have.
Tablets can hold hundreds of textbooks on one device, plus homework, quizzes, and other files, eliminating the need for physical storage of books and classroom materials.
Tablets cause students to learn material more quickly.
Tablets contain many technological features that cannot be found in print textbooks.
Tablets enable students to cut corners or cheat on schoolwork.
Tablets have too many distractions for classroom use.
Tablets help students better prepare for a world immersed in technology.
Tablets help students learn more material faster.
Tablets help to improve student achievement on standardized tests.
Tablets increase student material absortion.
Tablets increase the number of excuses
Tablets increase the number of excuses available for students not doing their schoolwork.
Tablets in K-12 schools have higher costs than textbooks and therefore increases the digital divide.
Tablets lead to student health issues.
Tablets let the students see information in new ways.
Tablets lower the amount of paper teachers have to print for handouts and assignments, helping to save the environment and money.
Tablets make it easier to adjust individual learning plans for students.
Tablets may be too difficult for less technologically savvy students
Tablets may be too difficult for less-technologically-savvy students to operate.
Tablets pose a greater risk to personal security as they are more prone to theft.
Tablets pose greater risk to academic integrity than textbooks.
Tackling HIV requires a responsible and active position by everyone
Tactical nuclear warheads are more serviceable for use in intimidation and retaliation toward enemies, as they are considerably less catastrophically destructive than those of current nuclear arsenals.
Tactical nuclear weapons are very expensive to design and build, yet will likely have no new strategic value.
Taking away a smoker's rights to smoke in public is akin to the time of slavery!
taking away the medals of the entire team may not bring the benefits we want
taking away the medals of the entire team may not bring the result we want
Taking healthcare beyond basic needs
Talking about the defendants past would wrongly accuse his character.
Taxation based on  relative earnings and wealth encourages a more peaceful and fair society.
Taxation should operate to in proportion to the earnings and relative wealth of participants.
Tax cuts and deregulation stimulate business and lead to a recovery of the economy
Tax Cuts Harm Social Programs for Citizens
Tax cuts lead to market stimulation
Taxes can't fight obesity
Taxes can't win the war on obesity
Taxes collected from the legal sale of marijuana support important public programs.
Taxes might have to be raised to pay for all Americans to have health care.
Tax is not an good way to fight obesity.
Tax payers money could be spent more appropriately.
tax payers money is valuable
tax payers money should be useful only to the public
Taxpayers of former colonial powers had nothing to do with deeds commited under colonization, and are unfairly targeted by reparations.
Teachers are able to collaborate with one another using social media.
Teachers are protected with the formal dismissal process under tenure.
Teachers need to admit they are wrong
Technology has only benefited private companies.
Technology is not secure enough
Technology remains insecure and a security risk.
Technology will not result in entrepreneurialism in today's curriculum.
Technology will not result in entrepreneurialism without providing a foundational basis.
teenage pregnancies should be controlled
Teenagers and young adults may be shut out of the workforce if the minimum wage is increased.
Teenagers and young adults won't be able to find employment, if minimum wage is increased.
Teens can get abortions without parental permission since they are capable of making informed decisions.
Teens Can Make An Informed Decision
Teens Cannot Make the Best Decision
Teens struggle with choices
Televising turns justice into entertainment
Temporary employment for youth acts against freedom of choice for businesses
Tenns are not good at making choices
Tenure is a formal dismissal process which protects teachers from punitive or premature dismissal
Tenure lets experienced teachers pick easier assignments and leaves difficult assignments to the least experienced teachers.
Tenure prohibits school districts from firing experienced teachers to hire less experienced and less expensive teachers.
Tenure provides a hierachy for experienced teachers in choosing easy or difficult assignments.
Terminally ill patients would be getting false hope
Terror cannot be fought because it is a strategy.
Terror is a concept, not an enemy we can deploy forces against.
Terror is a strategy, not a tangible enemy
Terrorism intensifies when negotiations take place.
Terrorist organisations such as Al Qaida do not respect the rights of individuals and the only way to fight fire is with fire
Terrorists are created by drone strikes.
Terrorists are engaged in war, which much remain subject to the Geneva Conventions lest it become unrestrained
Terrorists are not lawful combatants, therefore they not do not acquire prisoner of war status
Terrorists are not prisoners of war.
Terrorists can’t be trusted – better to crush them
Terrorist sentiments are fueled by the symbol of Muslim discrimination that is Guantanamo Bay.
Terrorists may not respond to harsh interrogation.
Terrorists must be put down because placing trust in untrustworthy people is a losing strategy.
Terrorists require unique interrogation methods.
Terrorists use our own media to terrify our people and create a climate of fear.
Terrorists want to cause terror, and the media is crucial to that.
Terrorists will steal nuclear weapons from poorly guarded arsenals
Tests have been failed by the EU on its ability to create a common foreign policy.
Textbooks alone can't keep up with modern technology.
textbooks are geting more and more expensive whilst universities are bringing the goods online
The 2016 vote in Britain should be upheld.
The ability of the EU to create a common foreign policy is a failure, as shown from multiple tests.
The ability to orchestrate a progressive taxation regime gives undue and dangerous power to the state
The abolition of nuclear weapons would actually incentivize the development and use of even more dangerous weapons, such as chemical and biological weapons
the abortion procedure is painful for the unborn baby.
"The accusation that Social Security has been ""raided"" by the federal government is misleading and does not provide a justification for privatizing the program. "
The acidity levels of the oceans are within past natural levels, and the current rise in acidity is a natural fluctuation, not the result of human caused climate change.
The acidity of the oceans is increasing too much to be a natural phenomenon.
The actions of the Cuban government have merited the Cuban government economic penalty
The act of having a concealed handgun on one's person increases the likelihood of an argument increasing in intensity and resulting in death
The act of smoking is often portrayed postively in films
The actual personas of celebrities could be misleading.
The advertising  for prostitution would be against public decency.
The aging population and increasing retirement age requires higher skills
The aim of taxation should be to provide equality of opportunity, not of outcom
The alternatives to partial birth abortion are not as safe.
The American Job Acts came in handy for the people that are unemployed for a long time,
The American Jobs Act Helps Small Business and Creates Jobs
The American Jobs Act is good for the economy
The American Jobs Act is Not Deficit Neutral
The American Jobs Act Will Help the Long Term Unemployed
The American Jobs Act Will Not Help Successful Businesses
The American people would be against the change
The American Psychological Association (APA) lists violent video games as a risk factor for aggressive behavior.
The American public overwhelmingly supports MLDA 21.
The amount of crime lessens when there is legalization of marijuana.
The anonymity of the internet allows people to create new social identities for themselves.
The Anti-terrorism legislation is not supportive of a democracy.
The area isn't developed enough to take on the dam project
The arrangement works to the disproportionate advantage of the foreign companies.
The AU can bring peace to the continent
"The autonomy of women is threatened by The concept of ""foetal rights"""
The average battery life of a tablet is 7.26 hours, shorter than the length of a school day.
The bad bits need to be taught so we can understand what others think of us
The balance is too strong to expect it to change.
The balance of analysis and relevancy is better struck by newspapers
The ban fails to distinguish between different kinds of mines
The ban is ineffective in addressing the problem of obesity.
The ban is necessary to confront the growing problem of obesity in NYC.
The ban will give powers to police to crack down on the murky underworld of forced marriages
The Ban Would Be a Barrier to Free Enterprise
The basic goal of the festival has been forgotten.
The benefits of monitoring intellectual property rights by states and companies is outweighed and often ineffective because of the cost.
The benefits of taxation does not outweigh the cost of legalized marijuana to society and taxpayers.
The best policy is to remain sovereign.
The best solution for illega immigration is racial profiling as a tool for reasonable suspicion
The best way to end racial discrimination in univesity admissions is to stop using racial discrimination to create (fake) diversity.
The best way to grow the economy is not by taxing the rich.
The best way to reduce Palestine's allegiance to anti-Israeli organizations is the fund the Palestinian governments.
The bible said 'a man' and 'a woman', not same sex
the bidding process is long
The bidding process is too long, tying up funds and land
The biggest action the west can take without sanctions
The big problem is not due to lack of access to birth control.
The black market and organized crime benefit from marijuana legalization.
The blasphemy charge looks suspiciously convenient for Putin
The book is depressing
The book is too long
The British state and the Church of England should be separate.
The burden of fees and loans are too great to expect young people to shoulder
The case for economic expansion is not sound
The casualties of the embargo are the civilians of Cuba, not the government as ideal.
The celebrities bring money and publicity to the country.
The censorship of news can backfire.
The child actors are the ones who can carry certain shows
The children should have the final say on whether they want to do it or not.
The Church of England's affiliation with the British state excludes other religions.
The church’s involvement undermines the role of the state.
The cities are a source of revenue for Spain
The citizens do not want to be ceded
the citizen should not suffer because of government choice
the citizen should not take responsibility for government's choices of program
The citizens of these countries are victims of their governments' ineffectiveness.
The citizens shouldn't suffer because of what the government has signed them up for.
The City has the obligation to protect its citizenry
The classicification of some behavior as anti-social (Anti-Social Behavior Orders or ASBOS) is not respected by the people.
The classroom environment is not ideal for all lessons.
the clear boundaries set by corporal punishment can promote children behaving in school.
The climate is changing and people are dying.
The Coalition had a high probability of success
The commercial community relies upon quality transportation infrastructure to function efficiently.
The companies offering DIY DNA tests are unregulated and overstating their powers.
The complexity of the universe and of life cannot be explained by atheism:
The complicated legal arrangements created by intellectual property raise costs of doing business:
"The concept of ""foetal rights"" is an attack on the autonomy of women"
"The concept of ""traditional marriage"" has changed over time, and the definition of marriage as always being between one man and one woman is historically inaccurate. "
The conditions at Guantanamo violate prisoners' basic rights.
The conditions for concealed carry permits and background checks do not inhibit criminals from obtaining weapons
The confession of religious faith is far more important than the rather petty rules that banned the wearing of the cross.
The Conflict is an internal inter-tribal conflict – arming the Darfur tribes would be better
The conflicts between the economic interests of the two countries are an obstacle to long term cooperation between the two countries.
The conflicts between US and Russian strategic interest make this difficult.
The consequences on clinical testing of experimental treatments would be disastrous
The constitutional second amendment does not mean you can own guns in an unlimited way.
The conventional description of God is logically contradictory.
The cost of doing business is raised by intellectual property because of complicated legal arrangements.
The cost of fees and loans are to substantial for younger people to handle.
The cost of living has increased but minimum wage has stayed the same.
The cost of NATO is more than it's value.
The cost of printing textbooks vs getting them on a tablet means there is a 50-60% reduction in price to get them on a tablet than printed.
The costs of a fat tax are too high for many.
The cost to the state is far too great to sustain universal free university education
The countries must account for the competing economic interests in addition to finding the ways to cooperate.
The country is growing but minimum wage has not grown with it.
the CPR encourages early exchange of information
The creation of an EU army could harm diplomatic relations with the USA
The creative commons is a more effective means for artists to build and expand their reach and markets than traditional copyright licensing arrangements
The Creative Commons licenses allows artists to reach their full potential.
The crux of the conflict comes down to the resources.
The Cuba embargo has failed to achieve its goal after 50 years so the US should end it.
The Cuba embargo is a product of Cold War Era mentality thus obsolete for Cuba is not a threat to the US.
The Cuban government has consistently responded to US attempts to soften the embargo with acts of aggression, raising concerns about what would happen if the sanctions were fully lifted.
The Cuban government is unaffected by the sanctions.
The currenit minimum wage is so low, you won't be able to afford everyday needs with it.
The current high speed rail system is one which does not make economical sense.
The current laws on prostitution are not helpful to women.
The current minimum wage is not high enough to allow people to afford everyday essentials.
The current minimum wage is not high enough to allow people to afford housing.
The current political system is hugely expensive, and a national primary could control the scale of spending in campaigns.
The current structure of the state is flawed.
The current system is hugely expensive; a national primary would control the scale of spending in campaigns
The current system is unfairly weighted in favour of criminals.
The current system is very expensive so having a national primary could control the spending scale in campaigns.
The cycle of racial discrimination can be broken through affirmative action programs.
the dam could harm the area around it.
The dam is predicted to provide energy for all of Ethiopia
THe dam project is too complex
the dam would improve the lives of people
The dam would power Africa
The death of one individual has implications for others, which by definition, do not affect the suicide herself.
The death penalty acts as a deterrent to crime
The death penalty can produce irreversible miscarriages of justice.
The death penalty deters crime.
The death penalty for terrorists causes their organizations to hate more and to idolize their dead.
The death penalty has led to innocent people dying.
The death penalty is a financial burden on the state.
The death penalty is not an efficient policy.
The death penalty is not justice.
The death penalty is saved for the most horrible criminals.
The death penalty is too absolute and too irreversible.
The death penalty should apply as punishment for first-degree murder; an eye for an eye.
The death penalty should be used for the worst cases.
The death penalty should be used if someone commits first-degree murder.   They would receive the same treatment that they gave.
The debt incurred in the pursuit of a law degree limits options both within the legal industry, and outside of it, by compelling recipients to seek out the highest paying jobs.
the decision of life belongs to god alone.
The decision often has a major long-term impact on a woman's psychological and emotional well-being.
The decision to die is a deeply personal one - it is no business of the state.
The decision to smoke is a human right.
The democracy is now in place due to the US interference.
The devaluation of animals as an object of sport, devalues life including human life.
The developed world has the responsibility to help others
The developed world should help others
The developed worls should help
The developing world's food supply problem could be solved by genetically modified organisms.
The development of cities will at some point need to use forced evictions.
The development of tactical nuclear weapons by one state would lead to a new global arms race.
The disclosure of previous convictions could falsely characterize the defendant.
The domestic and global impact of high mining taxes will have huge a negative impact.
The drinking age should be 21 years of age.
The ease of obtaining even minimal information about a facebook user is why children should not have a facebook account.
The ECJ has continuously been accused of over-stepping the legitimate boundaries of
The ECJ has frequently been accused of over-stepping legitimate boundaries.
The ECJ has often been accused of over-stepping its legitimate boundaries.
The ECJ has often been accused of over-stepping the legitimate boundaries of
The ECJ has often been  seen to over -step the legitimate boundaries of
The economic activity of legalized marijuana boosts the economy.
The economic argument made for expansion is not a compelling one.
The economic case for expansion does not add up
The economic case for expansion is not good
The economic reasons given for expansion are hardly persuasive.
The economic resources are shown to be drained by smokers.
The economics of homeschooling is beneficial.
The economics of the plan will end up with a failure.
The economy become unhealthy when money leaves and grey goods enter the country.
The economy could benefit from the imposition of mining taxes.
The economy could not rely on the aid of the Federal Reserve under the gold standard.
The economy needs educated people in order to do well in the future.
The economy of states can be boosted by allowing same-sex marriages.
The economy of the future requires more education
The economy of the United States was stronger under the gold standard.
The economy will benefit largely from the amount of people they hosting the olympics will bring.
The economy will boom if we get rid of the income tax.
The economy will recover by stimulating business with tax cuts and deregulation
The economy would see a boost from a privatization of Social Security
the education of children will be hindered by corporal punishment
The effect a high tax will have on businesses.
The elderly do not feel alienated from society when they are on social media.
The election of mayors results in the power of a city becoming too centralized.
The electricity produced by hydro electric dams reduces the amount needed from sources that emit carbon dioxide.
The embargo enables the United States to apply pressure on the Cuban government to improve human rights.
The embargo harms the people of Cuba, not the government as intended.
The embargo is a relic of Cold War Era thinking and is unnecessary because Cuba does not pose a threat to the United States.
The embargo must be upheld as others have allowed open travel with no results.
The embargo prevents the people of Cuba from joining the digital age by cutting them off from technology, and restricts the electronic flow of information to the island.
The embargo should be maintained because open travel is insufficient to promote change in Cuba; many democratic countries already allow travel to Cuba with no results.
The end of the mercenary age is related to decreased conflict.
The environment is hurt by bottled water.
The environment is no longer Mother Nature's domain.
The environment is worsened by overpopulation.
The EU as a trade bloc would be more inclusive to current and new members
The EU causes instability
The EU has a high potential to be used as a political ploy as it is not known for its democracy.
The EU has already been unifying on multiple fronts, this is just a step in the same direction.
The EU has been coming closer with  mutual agreements in varied areas.
The EU has been making incremental steps, like this one, towards unification
The EU needs a dedicated defence force
The EU needs an army.
The EU needs to help those suffering from human rights abuses
The EU now has the necessary foreign policy organs.
The European Union infringes on its members.
The European Union is too centralised
The EU shares the same values as Norway and Switzerland
The EU should be more active in combating the abuse of human rights.
The EU should guarantee youth a job in order to equal their chances.
The EU should press for full equality regardless of sexuality.
The EU should remove obstacles to equality in sexual preference.
The EU’s reputation can only benefit from a strong policy on women’s rights
The EU will not benefit by adding a country with an unstable democracy in an unstable part of the world.
The evidence of limited trading capacity as a result of not being part of a free trade agreement.
The evolution of humanity has progressed due to meat eating for 2.3 million years.
The expansion of NATO would be beneficial for eastern European and post Soviet states.
The expense of bottled water is much greater than tap water.
The expense of the death penalty financial hardship on the state.
The experience of higher education have is a right of individuals.
The experience of Israel proves that profiling works
The Falkland Islanders do not speak Spanish and WANT to be part of the UK
The fastest route over a short distance
The fastest route over one short distance
The federal corporate income tax rates were the highest in US history when the unemployment rates were the lowest in US history.
The Federal Reserve would not be able to assist the economy if the gold standard were implemented.
The fees and loans create a substantial burden on our young adults.
The feminist movement should not allow women to sell themselves
The financial burden is too high for the state to handle a universal free university education system.
The financial support required to further develop wind technology would be better deployed in more consistent  processes such as geo-thermal and nuclear
The foetus feels pain
The forces of nationalism are too strong to permit the loosening of state sovereignty any further
The formal dismissal process guaranteed by tenure protects teachers from punitive evaluation systems and premature dismissal.
The founding documents of the United States do not provide support for a right to health care.
The founding documents of the United States provide support for a right to health care.
The freedom of Holocaust deniers to use to the internet legitimizes their organization and message in eyes of consumers
The freedom of speech can be curtailed when it represents a serious threat to society
The freedom to move is a human right.
The free market tends to treat workers fairly
The free movement of goods is consistent with the basic principles of free trade
The free movement of grey goods for resale and the basic principles of free trade are consistent with each other.
The Free Syrian Army is outgunned
The frequency of heart disease in schools could be lowered by banning junk food.
The FTAA is bad for industries in developing nations.
The FTAA is bad for South American Agriculture.
The FTAA would be bad for the environment
The FTAA would hurt labor forces in developed countries
The Future is Brighter for Women than it is for Men.
The Geneva Convention embodies a duty to respect a basic level of humanity.
The Geneva Convention requires the moral duty of a basic level of humanity be observed.
The Geneva Conventions apply to terrorists as they are engaged in war.
The Geneva Conventions are not necessary to protect the rights of terrorists.
The Geneva Conventions prevents treatment that would provide grist for terrorist recruitment.
The geographical definition of Europe must be limited and does not include Turkey
The global community opposes the embargo, and maintaining it hurts the US diplomatically.
The 'Global warming' phenomenon could be caused by other things
The goal of Damages is to create African unity.
The gold standard aided the United States in economic growth.
The gold standard can hurt the economy and the environment.
The gold standard caused many financial panics, bank failures, and prolonged the Great Depression.
The gold standard may be detrimental to the United States economy.
The gold standard negatively impacts American resources.
The gold standard would limit the government's ability to improve issues of unemployment.
The gossip market is too large as it is. We should be careful about encouraging this intellectual dumbing down of our reading material.
The government can not control these matters.
the government cannot protect children from entertaining
The government has a responsbility to discourage the use of dangerous activities, such as the use of drugs.
The government has a right to make decisions in the best interest of the people
The government has a right to restrict the sale of violent video games, in order to protect law and order.
The government has no control over free domain and therefore cannot censor the internet.
The government has no right to prevent children from doing what they enjoy and are good at
The government has to take care of the problems in that nation first
The government here may legitimately limit ‘free speech’.
The government is not in control
The government must act fairly and impartially uninfluenced by potential personal gain for employees.
The government must make decisions about what is best for the people
The government must not endorse the use of drugs, which are dangerous.
The governments agenda is to promote traditional families.
The government should not interfere  in a child's decision.
The government should not intervene in personal medical choices.
The government should not prioritise one age group over another
The government shouldn't dictate children's clothing to parents.
The government shouldn't pay for everyone's health care.
The government should stay out of personal decisions.
The government's interest in protecting traditional families.
The governments of developing nations want to impose restrictions to control rural-urban migration, but these restrictions can shut out significant potential for improved quality of life for many rural citizens living in poverty
The graduated response is a violation of the basic right to due process
The graduated response policy is unconstitutional.
The graduate response policy constitutes an invasion of privacy by the state
The graduate response policy will not have the support of the ISP.
The greater advertising community should come together to decide guidelines for what is and what is not considered sexist advertising that should be banned.
The Guantanamo Bay facility is detrimental to Human Rights.
The Gulf states are a convenient place to settle Syrian refugees
The Gulf states aren't sufficiently free.
The Gulf states are themselves not bastions of freedom
The Gulf states lack sufficient freedoms.
The Gulf States would make a great palce for refugees to restablish themselves.
The head of state/government must be accountable to the people
The head of state should be a position that is separate and distinct from politics
"The higher cost of tablets marginalizes poorer school districts and increases the ""digital divide."""
The higher the taxes, the more often people will strive to dodge them.
The highest burden for protecting athletes lies with the IAAF and the Athletics commission.
The high speed rail system is one that does not confer economical benefits.
The hiring of PMCs has actually strengthened warlords and the Taliban in Afghanistan.
The historical significance of artefacts extends beyond their culture of origin
The homicide rates and suicide rates are less in countries that have strict gun control, versus the US.
The host city becomes an international hotspot for business investment, develops a new 'creative industry' and encourages new practices of cultural consumption
The housing crisis is unresolved by forced evictions.
The human body has changed over time to be able to handle a largely vegetarian diet
The Hyperlook is cost effective.
The Hyperloop is comparatively cheap
The Hyperloop will be affordable for consumers.
The Hyperloop will be a low cost system for the user
The IAAF and the Athletics commission have the biggest responsibility for protecing their athletes.
The IAAF and the Athletics commission have the highest burden to protect their athletes.
The ICC does not have enough checks on prosecutorial powers, inviting prosecutorial abuse.
The ICC ensures that trials are fair.
The ICC fills the gap when courts fail.
The ICC has an anti-African bias
The ICC impedes a nation's core operations as as Rome Statue is not rigid in its interpretation
The ICC infringes upon national sovereignty by inherently implying that there is a higher court nations must answer to.
The ICC interferes with national operations (both military and humanitarian) because of how loosely the Rome Statue can be interpreted.
The ICC is a force for good, and the all states should be seen to be standing fully behind it.
The ICC is against African ideals.
The ICC is in direct opposition of African beliefs.
The ICC is mainly not a democratic institution, thereby allowing for political malfeasance.
The ICC is not democratic in nature and is likely to be used as a political tool by powerful nations.
The ICC is there to prosecute war crimes – there has been evidence of a war crime
The ICC messes up national independence by marginalizing individual member courts.
The ICC needs more checks on its prosecutorial authority in order preclude abuse of power.
The ICC's Africa prosecutions are overtly biased.
The ICC's bias against Africa is overt.
The ICC's criminal court marginalizes individual national courts.
The ICC should carry out their mandate to try war criminals according to the evidence that is present.
"The idea of a ""traditional marriage"" is a modern convention and has not remained static over the centuries. "
The Identity and History of the United States are intrinsically linked to the English Language
The identity card scheme is easily corruptable.
The identity card system won't stop identity theft and counterfeiting.
The illegal hunting of animals is closely tied to terrorism
The immune system is destroyed by more vaccines.
The impact of having high mining taxes will be bad on a domestic and a global scale.
The implementation of Sharia law will bring about justice and divine will.
The improvement of quality of the national team is likely.
The incidence of PTSD is lower amonst drone pilots than those who pilot manned aircraft or fight on the battlefield.
The increasing effectiveness of the African Union
The individual pursuit of success is more important than a utopian ideal
The information age demands a right to broadband access
The ingredients in vaccines are safe in the amounts used.
The innocent may be harmed my drone strikes.
The institution of marriage cannot be harmed by giving more people the freedom to marry and it may become the case that heterosexual marriage is less stable than same-sex marriage.
The institution of marriage has been weakened in recent years and allowing gay marriage will only further damage an already crumbling institution.
The institution of marriage has traditionally been defined as being between a man and a woman.
The intention of a state to develop nuclear weapons may incite military attacks by enemies and by other supporting countries.
The intentions of the US were suspect.
The interests of America are undone by the lack of transparency of Guantanamo Bay.
The interests of humans are protected when endangered species are protected.
The internal organs of humans have changed over time to support a diet that is free of meat
The international economic community cannot support a return to the gold standard.
The international law of right of return is not a true law.
The internet as a threat to public safety.
The internet assists in accessing rights, it itself is not a right.
The internet can be a dangerous place and Facebook is no different.
The internet does not need additional rights to those in the real world
The Internet is a free domain and cannot becontrolled by the government.
The internet is an echo chamber that will confirm extremists in their views if not stopped
The internet is a utility not a human right.
The internet makes exercising human rights easier but is not a right itself.
The internet must be censored to protect society
The internet should be open to all
The internet should operate on the basis of net neutrality
The intervention backfired.
The intervention in Libya is a complete disaster.
The intervention was necessary in order to protect US interests in the region
The investment of time and money in developing new products is incentivised by intellectual property rights.
Their actions siphon money from the disadvantaged and malleable.
The Iraqiis were capable of overthrowing Hussien without outside interference.
Their plan is a failed Economic Model
The is a valid criterion.
The Islamic State is not the biggest concern for the western world.
"The ""Jewish State"" in Israel would be destroyed if Palestinians were granted the right of return."
The Jobs Act balances between having money and having no money.
The Jobs Act Redresses the Balance Between the Wealthy and the Middle Class
The justice system becomes inconsistent when convictions records are disclosed on an occasional basis
The key findings used to tout the benefits of uniforms are questionable.
The lack of extensive publicity would also reduce social unrest among citizens.
The lack of stability in Turkey's democracy and in the area around Turkey are factors that argue against admission to the EU.
The large investment needed to host the olympics will have outstanding economic rewards.
The law as it stands is wrong and patronising to women
The law is patronizing to women
The law patronizes women
The law prevents US and EU governments from funding terrorist groups.
The law should not condone illicit behaviour
The legalization of marijuana benefits both the black market and organized crime.
The legalization of marijuana for recreational use results in reduced rates of crime.
The legitimacy of the legal proceedings is compromised and becomes just entertainment.
The link between constituencies and Members of Parliament is important.
The loans are preventing economic stability
the loans stop economy from stabilize
The loger lasting and biggest economic miracles  have ocurred under dictatorships
the london olympics are expensive
The longer they are educated, the more opportunities they get
The loss of funding would destabilise and radicalise Palestine.
The loss of land is a negative consequence of forced evictions in rural areas.
The majority of Americans support allowing the concealed carry of handguns.
The majority of Americans support drone strikes.
The Majority of Americans Support Drone Strikes
The mandate is constitutional under the commerce clause
The mandate is not constitutional under the commerce clause
The many hidden subsidies to SE England would end.
The market already limiting hours makes these changes unnecessary
The market already limits worker hours when left to its own devices, no intrusion is required.
The market needs stability
The marketplace of ideas
The media exploits women.
The media has a duty to report any news it feels the public needs to hear about
The media is being used by terrorists to spread fear and terror.
The media owes the public the right to hear all news and not selective coverage.
The media should not be controlled by a celebrity
The Middle East now has another Western controlled government in Iraq, which has never worked out well.
The military can only be held to account if there is transparency
The military grade firearms and accessories should not be owned by civilans, which include hunters.
The military needs to intervene in most of the crisis around the world.
The military operations ensures peace in the region in future.
The military operations were legitimate as Israeli self-defense:
The military operations were necessary for long term peace:
The military operations were proportionate to the threat:
The minimum wage aids in the propagation of social justice and the fair treatment of workers
The minimum wage encourages people to join the workforce rather than pursuing income through illegal channels
The minimum wage has not kept up with inflation.
The minimum wage is little more than a political tool that ultimately harms the overall economy by raising the unemployment rate and driving businesses elsewhere
The minimum wage provides a baseline minimum allowing people to embark freely in the pursuit of happiness
The minimum wage restricts an individual’s fundamental right to work
The MLDA should stay at 21 because people tend to be more mature and responsible at 21 than 18.
The Monarchy contrasts the meaning of Democracy
The Monarchy is backward and prejudiced
The Monarchy system is biased and inefficient.
The money could be spent elsewhere
The money could be used for other things.
The money is not going towards a good cause
The money needed to develop wind technology is wasted and would be more useful in developing geo-thermal and nuclear power.
The moral duty to respect a basic level of humanity, which the Geneva Convention embodies, must be retained
The more education you have the more opportunities
The most logical solution to this issue would be a graduated response.
The motion completely undermines the assumption of innocence which accompanies a fair trial.
The movement of people cannot practically be controlled
The music and film industries are suffering due to file-sharing.
The muslim veil brings out the racism in people.
The national team will be helped by it
The national well-being is best served by the continuation of economic sanctions against Cuba
The nation is at risk if everyone can say anything they want.
The nature of God as it is conventionally described is logically contradictory:
The nature of the opposition movements makes this an unwinnable war.
The need for pest control or conservation does not justify blood sports.
The netural features of the land are being decimated
The network approach: promoting learning
The new prisons will just fill up as well.
The NHS has tried to reduce prices
Then only the big countries would rule.
The nuclear industry has constantly required government bailouts and has never been commercially viable in an open market
The nuclear industry is constantly judged on criteria that do not take its externalities into account
The nukes can end up being used against us.
The occurrence of public shooting spree can be prevented by the usage of concealed handguns by adults
The offer of amnesty allows home governments to discredit bloggers and paint them as foreign agents of disruption
The older we get we understand that other are not right all the time.
The Olympics create a sense of national pride.
The Olympics displace and burden residents of the host country and city.
The Olympics gives athletes a goal and young people a chance to believe in themselves
The Olympics increase a host country's global trade and stature.
The Olympics increase valuable tourism, which can boost local economies
the Olympics in London are expensive
The Olympic spirit is a universal message for peace and togetherness
The Olympics place a strain on the residents of the host city and country.
The one child policy is needed for population control
The one nation of Spain itself is indivisible.
The only way the United Nations Security Council can be reformed is through expansion.
The only way to solve terrorism is through negotiations.
The onus should not be on punishing the criminal.
The opening up of information to the public encourages further research and development
The operations are just reacting to the tremendous amount of threats.
The operations are self-defenses, and thus can be justified.
The operations eliminate the hope for peace in the future.
The organizers will go underground
The original text of the Hippocratic Oath, traditionally taken by doctors when swearing to practice medicine ethically, forbids abortion.
The other options to discipline pupils are not helpful.
The outcome of the Palestinian elections should not be rewarded with aid.
The oxygen of publicity is a good way to expose terrorism.
The Palestinian refugee crisis was created and is perpetuated by the Arab states and the Palestinians themselves
The patient will be hurt if force fed.
The penalties for these crimes should be the same for everyone.
The penalty of death is a crime deterrent.
The people have a right to hold a referendum
The people of Cuba are the victims of the embargo, opposed the intended target of the government.
The people of Kosovo are distinct from their neighbours
The people of Ukraine and Georgia want to join
The pharmaceutical companies, FDA, and CDC should not be trusted to make and regulate safe vaccines.
The pictures have issues
The pipeline will help American be independent of the political involvement with other countries due to her need for oil.
The pipeline will reduce American dependence on Middle Eastern and Latin American oil
The plan of recruiting medical personnel from poorer countries is a huge setback for human rights.
The playing field for healthier food would be leveled out by a fat tax.
The police cannot enforce the law.
The police should be equipped to react to contemporary social problems
The policy is counter productive
The policy is not a long term solution.
The political consequences of the system make the world less safe
The political system of the UNHRC promotes Human Rights
The poor were not encouraged to visit museums after they were made free
The popular sovereignty of the Kosovan people must take precedence over other considerations
The possibilities in the future are endless is smoking is made illegal.
The Post Office is inefficient
The potential for a safer world.
The precedent is valid.
The presence of a gun makes a conflict more likely to become violent.
The presence of PMCs in Iraq has significantly damaged US credibility, actually hurting its military objectives.
The present state structure does not work.
The price of oil would stabilize and help show the rise in gasoline prices if we returned to the gold standard.
The price of prescription drugs is fair in proportion to what they prevent.
The primary aim of the festival has been forgotten.
The privacy of citizens is invaded if they are forced into background checks and micro-stamping to purchase guns.
The privatization of Social Security would allow more funds to be paid out to retirees
The problem can only be taken care of via negotiations.
The problem of food supply in the developing world could be solved by genetically modified organisms.
The product of an individuals intellectual endeavour is their property and therefore they deserve a profit from it.
The product of an individual's intellectual endeavour is the property of that individual, who deserves to profit from it
The prohibition of loss leaders would promote competition in the market.
The pro-life position says life begins at conception and unborn babies are human.
The prosecution of war criminals is generally very ineffective.
The prosecutorial abuse potential is high, due to its lack of checks on its power.
The protection of intelligence sources is more important than trying suspects.
The protection of traditional families is of interest to the government.
The provision of driver’s licenses makes the streets safer.
The public has a reliable source of essential public health and safety information through their social media accounts.
The public have a right to a referendum.
The punishment for failing to follow the rules would infringe on women's right to control their own bodies.
The pursuit of nuclear defence (respectively the possession of nuclear weapons) by more countries is a guarantee for peace.
The push for school uniforms is driven by commercial interests rather than educational ones.
The quality of education suffers when university education is free
The quality of the national team will improve.
Therapy costs are increased and not affordable to poor people.
The rate of crime decreased when marijuana is made legal.
The rates of gun crime are less in the countries who restrict guns, versus the United States.
There already are constitutional documents
There always was violence
There are alternative methods of distributing the toys.
There are alternatives to jail.
There are benefits to a world government.
There are better alternatives to solving the problems of contemporary warfare.
There are better options for motivating schools to enforce anti bullying rules.
There are better poets than Shakespeare.
There are cases to prove that our children's health is negatively affected by vaccines.
There are cases where leaving school early is necessary
There are choices other than jail.
There are dangers associated with using skin-whitening creams.
There are dangers to children having mobile phones.
There are economic advantages for states to approve gay marriages.
There are environmental impacts to people living in substandard conditions.
There are far larger contributing factors to violent crime.
There are fewer drunk driving traffic accidents and fatalities in many countries with MLDA of 18.
there are issues with the pictures
There are many better ways to redistribute wealth and pay for public goods and services besides raising income tax.
There are many flaws to the theory that violent video games cause real life violence.
There are many negatives to directly electing a city mayor.
There are many opinions about Christmas as a holiday.
There are many people who are endangering their future with social media.
There are many professions that could more sensibly be given exemption such as teachers
There are many reasons why drones lack sufficient oversight to be of moral value.
There are many types of marriage which are innaporpoate and dangerous which may be allowed if gay marriage is legalized.
There are many types of tablets and some do not have the textbooks needed in the school.
There are more efficient policies than death penalty
There are more favorable options than abortion.
There are more important threats to focus on
There are negative consequences for spending if funds are kept from the government.
There are no compelling reasons to have assault weapons.
There are no links between multiple vaccines and autism or multiple sclerosis
there are no negative side effects to the use of cannabis
There are no protections in place to stop fake documents and identity thieves.
There aren't enough doctors to provide health care for all Americans.
There are other larger threats.
There are other means by which to protect the rights of terrorists without needing to apply the Geneva Conventions
There are other means by which to protect the rights of terrorists without needing to apply the Geneva Conventions.
There are other options besides jail
There are other things that cause the global warming situation.
There are possible safety concerns
There are potential dangers to taking this action.
There are precedents including the admission of Romania and Bulgaria into the EU.
There are problems with being vegetarian
There are problems with the pictures
There are risks associated with the lack of witness anonymity.
There are significant costs to taxpayers and society that that legal marijuana produced that are greater than the tax benefits.
There are some personality and brain disorders that appear to connect to social media usage.
There are still preventable diseases spreading so kids should get vaccinated.
There are sufficient hydroelectric dams in existence without this one being built.
There are sufficient numbers of public water fountains to support banning bottled water to save money.
There are too many ads everywhere you look.
There are too many advertisements in everyday life.
There are too many pacts against such a war.
There are too many prisoners, and not enough space to house them.
There are too many ways the tablets could distract from education.
There are ways other than giving up meat to help the environment.
There are ways to monitor like using parental control and privacy settings
the reasoning in the debate summary is pitiful
The reasons for illegally hunting animals are not affected by coercive methods
The Rebate is essential to preserve domestic support in Great Britain.
The Rebate makes membership acceptable to the British people
The rebate should go in exchange for CAP reform
There can be harm even if you don't reveal that much info
There can be terrible consequences if you give out personal info
the recession will go, our public transport will remain
The recipient is forced to receive the sacrifice of another
The record amounts of cash held by corporations invalidate complaints about high federal corporate income tax rates causing high unemployment.
There could be dangerous consequences even the wrong information is revealed
The reduction of aid will cause innocent people to suffer
There exists the possibility that child performers can be exploited.
The referendum doesn't match the UK's democratic history.
The referendum is good PR for the UK.
The referendum is inconsistent with the UK's tradition of representative democracy  EU membersh
the referendum is inconsistent with the UK's tradition of represtative democary EU members
The referendum will be good PR.
The referendum will look good.
The reform movement will be harmed by re-engagement.
The regime has been overturned after its long and terrible reign.
There has always been great potential for African Women
There has always been violence
There has been a serious inequality in the funding of the UN budget.
There have been deaths from the reality TV shows.
There have been tests on the EU's ability to create a common foreign policy that it has failed.
There is a 50-60% cost reduction for getting books tablets than printing them physically.
There is a danger that social media can bring to the military, journalists and activists.
There is a duty for a broadcaster that is not dependent on either commercial or state funding to give a platform to controversial works of art.
There is agreement across accepted moral standards that Banning partial birth abortions is correct.
There is a lack of evidence that homework helps younger children
There is a moral obligation to provide affirmative action programs
There is ample precedent in the form of other “sin” taxes
There is an alternative in tribunals, which would respect the rights on detainees
"There is a ratio of 81% of the K-12 teachers who believe ""tablets enrich classroom education."""
There is a risk that child performers might be exploited.
There is a sense of natural justice that corrections should come in this form rather than a tiny note.
There is a strong precedent for expansion
There is greater potential for African women
There is legitimate precedent.
There is less crime when drugs are legal.
There is less deterrance to illegal activities on the internet when people are able to remain anonymous.
There is little interest in unification among young people in South Korea
There is much debate about gay marriage but many religious leaders are in support of it regardless.
There is much information to be found on Facebook.
There is no concrete proof that a zero tolerance approach to crime exists0
There is no definitive replacement for Raul Castro, which makes it unwise for the US to implement new policies at this time.
There is no divine right to leadership or privilege
There is no down side to a strong policy on women's rights being adopted by the EU.
There is no evidence that 7 Global warming is accurate as it is based on computer modelling.
There is no evidence that homework makes a difference for young children.
There is no evidence that vegetarian diets help the environment.
There is no feasible transition path to a world government model
There is no fundamental reason for keeping some type of evidence inadmissible
there is no good support for the concept of socialism
"There is no historical basis for believing so called ""traditional marriages"" have been changeless over the centuries. "
There is no instance in which renewable energy has been able to provide a major share in the energy market
There is no legal or moral reason for an employer to know private medical information of their employees
There is no meaning to holidays and festivals around the world as commercialization has subverted their meaning.
There is no need for an AU force
There is no need for cell phone use when driving a vehicle
There is no need for compulsion
There is no need for Sharia law.
There is no need to do this when the market has already limited working hours
There is no one healthy diet
There is no one to enforce the new tv rules
There is no reason to believe that multiple vaccines, such as Tdap, cause any harm to the patient
There is no reason to change the way the internet works.
There is no reason to strengthen China militarily
There is no regulations and the results are unreliable for DNA testing companies.
There is no respect among the population for ASBOS
There is no right to collective bargaining
There is no scientifically valid mechanism for CO2 causing global warming.
There is no such thing as intellectual property, since you cannot own an idea:
There is no support for a right to healthcare in the United States founding documents.
There is not a place for religion in public schools.
There is nothing illegal about drone strikes under US law.
there is nothing illegal in the use of drones
There is nothing inherently cruel about raising animals for food
There is nothing inherently cruel about raising animals for food.
There is no time left to have a second direct vote.
There is no time to hold a second referendum
There is no valid reason to invade another country.
There is no way for governments to regulate and ensure the quality of PMCs.
There is no way to prevent war
There is psychological affects to having an abortion.
There is room for improvement in any legal system
There is significant animosity between Turkey and some existing member states.
There is simply not enough space to deal with offenders
There is still a place for mercenaries working for NGOs.
The religious backgrounds of the EU being Christian and Turkey being Muslim and also not being stable are problems.
There must be access to meats in order to alleviate world hunger.
There must be a maximum amount of performance that people are capable of, given rest and reward. To work people too long is to waste their potential.
There needs to be a balance for kids between mental and physical stimulation.
There needs to be action to deter more cyber attacks
There needs to be a strong leader for Russia not just as a state, but also as a nation
The renewable energy from hydroelectric dams is low cost.
There really is no international law allowing for the right of return .
The resale of grey goods lowers the prices to the consumer.
There shoul be a legal limit on the amount of hours people can work in order to give their maximum potential.
There should be a legally mandated ceiling on weekly working hours, because it creates employment.
There should be a separation from the head of state and politics.
There should be equality between men and women.
There should be no legally mandated ceiling on weekly working hours as it limits economic growth.
There should be separation of Church and State .
There should be transparency to hold the military accountable
There should not be different voting ages for different elections
There's no direct correlation  with other countries showing an increase in donations.
There's no such thing as the root of evil!
There’s nothing more to find out, at least nothing that can’t be done with much cheaper unmanned missions
There's nothing wrong with the health insurance mandate according to the constitution.
The response will be to impose more control over the movement of women.
The Responsibility Lies With Parents
The Responsibility of Those in the Medical Profession
The restriction would harm the ability for business to operate without government interference.
The result of a handgun ban is lower crime and fewer deaths.
The results can negatively hurt people.
There was always violence
There was no legal basis for the war and Iraqis could have gotten rid of Saddam Hussein themselves. The government now is a sham and is worse for the region.
There will always be child actors but by not banning them at least there will be some protection for them
There will always be great potential for African women.
There will be £350 million more to spend a week
There will be less nuclear weapons
There will be millions more to spend this week
There will be more criminal danger if the age of consent is lowered
There will be several millions more to spend this week
There would be fewer unwanted children in the world
There would be no fair trials without the ICC.
There would be no more border issues if there was integration
The Rich Poor Gap Silences the Political Voice of the Poor
The rights of lower animals are trumped by the rights of humans.
The rights of the individual in democracies is more important than collective self-determination.
The right to drink should have a higher age of initiation because of the dangers posed by drinking.
The right to eat what we want, including meat, is a fundamental liberty that we must defend.
The Right To Express Ones Self
The right to freedom and expression necessarily includes the internet.
The right to freedom of expression belongs to everyone.
The right to health care is an internationally recognized human right.
The right to internet access fills a gap in traditional human rights.
The right to life means a right to death
The right to own guns is not unlimited because of the Second Amendment.
The Right to Protect promoted by the United Nations would lessen future atrocities.
The right to return is granted to Palestinians under international law.
The right to work for an individual should not rely on lowering the minimum wage.
The rise in atmospheric CO2 over the last century was clearly caused by human activity, as it occurred at a rate much faster than natural climate changes could produce.
The rise of universal human rights makes self-determination increasingly irrelevant.
The risk of creating dependence
The risk of heart disease is reduced in people who adhere to a vegetarian diet.
The role of leaders will prevent success
The role of society is to save lives not to assist in suicide
The role of the Church of England's state involvement could undermine the state.
The Rome Statute of the ICC hinders national operations due to its wide flexibility.
The safety of the public should be the responsibility of trained police officers, rather than private citizens with minimal training
"The sale of ""junk food"" items provide vital financial assistance to schools."
The sanctioning of the State to kill is just immoral.
The scheme does not prevent forgery or identity theft
The scheme does not prevent identity theft  or fake cards
The scheme invites forgery or identity theft
The scheme would cause inconvenience and public discontent
The scheme would cause widespread anger at the government.
The scientific advance of genetically modified food isn't different from any other advance and therefore should be legal to use.
The Scots themselves would vote against independence if there was a referendum.
These acts would not be fair or in accord with the law.
These artefacts should bring revenue to the counties of origin
The Second Amendment is not an unlimited right to own guns.
The Second Amendment of the US Constitution protects individual gun ownership.
These creative autonomy for third-world countries.
These people are breaking the law and need to be punished.
These people are under serious threat for their pursuit of justice
These products are dangerous
These reparations would not actually help improve developing countries.
These tests can have a negative impact on society as a whole.
The Settlements are illegal, and demonstrate the impotence of the international community
The Settlements are seen by Palestinians as a sign of bad faith on the part of Israel, and therefore weaken the hand of Pro-Peace elements
The Settlements commit future Israeli governments to a harder stand in future negotiations
The shroud of war crime scrutiny is a possible deterrent to future criminal behavior during conflict.
The sides are too different for a clear victor.
The significant bulk of scientific research says it is happening
The simple continuation of mankind proves the heterosexuality is predominant
The situation in these countries is improving, no need for a new policy.
the slower the speed, the less death
The smallest bit of information could be harmful
The Soda Ban is an infringement upon the personal right to choose
The solution to the overcrowding in prisons is execution.
The specific type of CO2 that is increasing in earth's atmosphere can be directly connected to human activity.
The spirit of Christmas moves us to give and presents are an expression of that spirit.
The sports world is unfairly dominated by a male-orientated world-view.
The state benefits from the skills of a university educated populace
The state can work more effectively through the private sector
The state has no right to interfere in this particular form of free expression
The state is benefited by those with university educated skills.
The State should be separated from the Church.
The State should be separated from the Church or churches.
The state should not be allowed to intrude in such personal matters
The state should not be in the business of promoting religion not should pledges of allegiance include religious dogma.
The state should not regulate such personal matters.
The state should refrain from imposing bans
The states should hold back on imposing bans.
The states should not impose bans.
The status quo has been very successful; don’t fix something that is not broken.
The steps to a smooth transition to a world government are unclear.
The strong leadership in Russia has only led to corruption
The structure of the current state is broken.
The supermarket could get into legal trouble.
The suspected criminals rights are as protected by tribunals as they would be in a trial.
The system is an incredibly expensive venture that may not even work
The system of identity cards would be ripe for abuse.
The taxes that come from selling marijuana legally can be used towards programs that benefit the public.
The tax payers are the ones losing out on money that could be spent properly.
The tax system should structure payments in relation to the incomes of people in the system.
The technological revolution has been hyped.
The technology required for colonizing ‘a second Earth’ would be easier to develop on the moon
"The term ""endangered"" is inconsistently applied"
The textbooks that are already available still convey relevant info for students.
The third run way would cause issues
The third run-way would cause noise and pollution problems
The third run way would not be good
The threat of a state developing nuclear weapons could instigate pre-emptive strikes from its neighbours and rivals to prevent the acquisition of such weapons
The threat of investigation could deter future war crimes, including the use of chemical weapons
The ties between constituencies and Members of Parliament should not be broken.
The translation of academic work gives students a better oppurtunity to learn crucial info and improve their academic capabilities.
The tyrannical dictator was removed of his long reign.
The UK can be independed
The UK can have an independet foreign policy
The UK has an individual ruler (monarch), so it cannot be truly a democracy.
The UK is a liberal society and unused to ID cards
The UK is not a democracy because it is an individualistic culture.
The UK is not that liberal a society and will adapt to ID cards
the UK may be benefitted with good pr from a referendum
The UK would have a completely independent foreign policy
The UK would lose their regional influence is they left the EU
The UN Army will serve a variety of new roles.
The unauthorised downloading of copyrighted material should be addressed and prevented by the state
The uncertainty over who will succeed Raúl Castro makes it unwise for the United States to change its policy before a new leader is in place.
The UN charter does not want to consider Kosovo an independent state.
The UN charter is against it.
The UN charter is against recognizing Kosovo as a sovereign nation.
The UN disagrees.
The UN does good at maintaining peace
The UN does not have the necessary funds or expertise.
The UN does not think a meat consumption tax is worth it.
The unemployment issue could not be resolved through government intervention under the gold standard.
The UN has done a great job with preventing wars
The UN has performed a valuable service in preventing wars and in peacekeeping.
The UN is in disagreement with the EU and does not want to see a Europe-wide tax on meat consumption as a plant-saving measure.
The United Nations can punish those states who refuse to subject its prisoners of war to the Geneva Conventions
The United Nations does not agree with the EU and does not feel that a meat consumption tax would have the effects desired.
The United Nations has a responsibility to prevent genocide and mass atrocities.
The United Nations has the constitutional power and capability to intervene to prevent failed states
The United States cannot risk falling behind the rest of the world in the development of drone technologies.
The United States economy may not be able to handle a return to the gold standard.
"The United States engaged in ""hostilities"" under War Powers"
The United States has an obligation to protect international stability due to its unique military strength.
The United States has much to gain from giving Foreign Aid.
The United States has the money to provide health care for its citizens.
The United States’ individual health insurance mandate is constitutional because of he commerce clause.
The United States is a beautiful mix of races and languages which should be celebrated.
The United States is able to target the Cuban government with its embargo while still providing assistance to Cuban citizens.
The United States relies heavily on PMCs and would to be able to successfully carry out its foreign missions without them.
The United States Security Council should expand
The United States should end the Cuba embargo because its 50-year policy has failed to achieve its goals.
The United States should focus more of it money into health care so its citizens can be healthier.
The United States should maintain the Cuba embargo because Cuba has not met the conditions required to lift it.
The United States should not have different trading and travel policies for Cuba than for other countries with governments or policies it opposes.
The Universe was developed naturally and there is no need to make God a part of the discussion of reality.
The university is unable to be sustainable and fund other profitable pursuits because of this problem.
The UN needs a new approach with complete reform and replacement.
The UN needs to prevent mass atrocities
The UNSC already deals a lot with Africa anyway
The UNSC already has a heavy influence in Africa
The UNSC is legitimate only if it has the best representation
The UNSC mostly deals with Africa
The UNSC will only be seen as legitimate if it is representative
the UN should prevent genocide
The UN would be turned into something that it is not.
the USA had every incentive to lie
The US cannot Risk Lagging Behind the Rest of the World in the Development of These Technologies.
The US can then spy on other governments.
The US did not have legitimate authority
The US did not have proper authority to act.
The US did not have the right intentions
The US economy added 15 million jobs in the five years immediately following a large federal corporate income tax increase in 1993.
The use of  a mobile phone requires a social life.
The use of animals as objects in blood sports cannot be justified by the week argument that it provides benefit through pest control or conservation.
The use of animals in sport demeans humans
The use of animals in sport is demeaning to humans.
The use of drones conflicts with international law
The use of drones removes accountability from their leaders.
The use of Drones to combat enemy actions and terrorism will be an effective method to face enemies and stop terrorism .
The use of force violates our sovereignty, instead of protecting human rights.
The use of GM foods can become to reliant on science and not nature.
The use of PMCs undermines the democratic process and government accountability in using force and waging war.
The use of social media is correlated with personality and brain disorders.
The use of unmanned drone attacks is inconsistent with international laws.
The use of wiretapping is highly successful and helps to both prevent crime and provide justice.
The US had every right to engage in the emerging conflict.
The US had just cause for exerting force in responce to perceived aggression.
The US had Legitimate Authority to go to war
The US had to interfere to protect their interests.
The US had to take action in the circumstances under War Powers.
The US has a long tradition of multiple languages
The US has a right to expect that its taxpayers' money is spent responsibly.
The US' intentions were wrong.
The US intervention was acceptable as it was done under War Powers
The U.S. is founded on the English language.
The US military is needed to ensure peace.
The US must protect the international community.
The US Security Counsel neds to expand
The U.S. should ban Cluster Bombs because they have no place in this world.
The US's position is undermined
"The US Supreme Court has declared abortion to be a ""fundamental right"" guaranteed by the US Constitution."
The US were not completely innocent under War Powers.
The value of gold fluctuates widely and would not provide the price stability necessary for a healthy economy.
The veil is a symbol of oppression on women
The very payment of reparations exerts a neo-colonial power over former colonies.
The violence in games isn't represented negatively, but instead shown to be rewarded
The violence may have finally stopped bringing peace to the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The violent music encourages disrespect toward women
The vote will be illegitimate.
the vote will be rendered illegitimate
the vote will not be legitimate
The vote won't be legitimate.
The vote would be wrongful.
The War in Iraq got rid of Saddam Hussein and Iraq has become democratic.
The war on terror is not an armed conflict, and therefore internment without trial is illegal.
The war on terror is not an armed conflict, which makes holding them without a trial illegal.
The war on terror is not considered an armed conflict, which makes internment without trial is illegal.
The war was illegal and the removal of Saddam should have been left to the Iraqis Yet another puppet regime is not what the Middle East needs
The war was not the business of the USA and should have been left to the Iraqis themselves
The way celebrities act can seem to make doing drugs a good thing.
The way it is applied to political icons is how it should be applied to religious icons
The way tactical nuclear weapons need to be deployed control of their use is devolved to field commanders, vastly increasing the probability that in the event of conflict they would be used.
The wealth gap does not allow for equality between the rich and the poor and so it should be reduced.
The wealthy bear a disproportionate burden of a progressive tax rate,
The welfare system needs reform but replacing it would be too large of an undertaking.
The welfare system should be simple and fair.
The welfare system should not be anything but fair and simple.
The West has no particular obligation to undergo such a sweeping policy
The west is insulated by distance from Daesh
The West should not have to spend enormous sums of money to return artifacts to their original locations.
The whole team should not be held accountable for something that they might not have been aware of.
They are allowed to defend themselves but not to actively engage
they drink anyway why not let them do it legaly
They have been known to siphon money from the vulernable.
They have been Spanish possessions for centuries
The youth already have a lot of spending focused on them
They will provide a secure way of applying for financial products and making financial transactions, including those made over the internet
This allows illegal immigrants to get drivers insurance, which makes safer and fairer roads.
This allows illegals to masquerade as normal immigrants.
This begins a slippery slope that can have global implications
This can facilitate cultural integration.
This could simply swap inequalities around
This deters future human rights abuses.
This deters political stunt trials.
This gives people false hope
This House Believes That the U.S. Should Ban The Use of Cluster Bombs
This is a battle/war of ideologies and should be 'fought' on a verbal debate platform or through subliminal brainwashing and not with guns,chemicals and bombs
This is a disadvantage for poor people as it increases the therapy costs and makes them inaccessible.
This is a founding principal of our country.
This is an illegitimate violation of national sovereignty.
this is a personal belief
This is a slippery slope that heads towards forcing all countries to allow voting at sixteen for all votes.
This is a sports event not a political event
This is more challenging because of the conflicts between Russian and US strategic interests.
This is no different than political comment, etc.
This is not different than political comment
This is not much different from political comment
This is not the will of the people of Quebec.
This is relevant to our current lives.
This is Tyrrany of the majority
This kind of policy would have costs for both society and the economy
This level of commitment is unreasonable to expect.
This limits safe access of transportation for young people.
This maintains relevance even now.
This motion will result in a bias in trial.
this music harms women and others
This offer of amnesty serves as a powerful public statement in favour of free speech and rule of law
This policy alienates the oppressive regimes and stifles the change that discourse and positive interaction can bring
This policy enhances the role of drug reps and advertising, at the cost of evidence-based medicine
This policy is good for EU economies.
This policy is not necessary and may be counterproductive
This policy would discriminate against people above 25
This policy would do harm to people over 25
This policy would only serve to discriminate against unemployed people older than 25
This problem prevents the university from being self-sufficient and funding less profitable projects.
This reduces the incentive for pharmaceutical companies to complete the testing process
This region would benefit from re-engagement.
This restriction will help slow down New York's obesity epidemic.
This should happen because they are breaking a law.
This situation we are in with global warming may have other causes.
This slippery slope heads towards forcing all countires to lower the voting age to sixteen.
This turns court cases into entertainment, rather than legitimate legal proceedings.
This type of music is degrading to everyone, not just women.
This type of policy puts unmanageable costs on small and mid sized businesses.
This undermines actual parity by creating a false sense of the right to reply.
This war will never end because the oppositions are too dissimilar.
This was a piece of art, advertised and described as such, those likely to be offended were quite welcome not to watch it.
This will ensure all views are represented in a political debate.
This will needlessly antagonise non-democratic countries
this will turn a court case into a circus
This will undermine real parity by making a false sense of the right to reply
This would complicate elections.
this would create a precedent for religious intollerance
This would encourage coercion for some to die to save others
This would give terminally ill patients and their families false hopes.
This would make elections even more confusing
This would result in Islamophobic panics and knee jerk reactions across the world.
Those able to pay more should pay more into the tax system
Those against gay marriage are called names if gay marriage is legalized.
Those countries that embrace and exchange cultures usually have healthier democracies.
Those in the arts can increase their audience using social media.
Those targeted by drone strikes are mostly insignificant to national security.
Those who are more shy and introverted can connect with others through social media.
Those who are observant religiously think that marriage is important.
Those who have more owe more to the state
Though mobile phones can be distracting, giving every child a mobile phone would benefit society.
Thousands of jobs are generated through the sale of legalized marijuana.
Through the AU, there can be peace brought to the continent
Thus the super power model will be broken and small countries will be finally given the chance to have political independence without the need of protection from a ‘big brother’.
Tibet could never be a viable independent state and would either become a Chinese puppet or a launching pad for American and Indian power against China.
Tibet has its own culture and history that is distinct from China, and should rightfully be independent.
Tibet is a distinct nation with a distinct history that China illegally invaded
Tibet is almost 50% Han Chinese and they dominate the economy. Expelling them would be catastrophic
Tibet is too small of a nation to hold its own and not become a pawn of larger superpowers.
Time can be better devoted to class and teaching when uniforms are implemented because it avoids dress code issues.
Time has removed the opportunity to truly make reparations to those who may have deserved it.
Time is of the essence in a crisis. When confronted with extremists who see a virtue in their own death, extraordinary methods may be required.
Time spent tracking down suspects can be reduced with a database of DNA.
Time to remove Affirmative Action from the EE Act
To add a fat tax would level out the playing field for food that is healthier.
To allow import and resale of grey goods are consistent with the basic principles of free trade
To an illegal coup is a necessary response
to avoid a double dip recession do not let tax cuts expire
Tobacco companies may use movies to circumvent bans on advertising cigarettes
To ban arranged marriages in EU countries would initiate resentment from certain communities.
To ban music that encourages violence against women would be done with the intention of protecting women; if it is necessary to paint them as the victims of violence that they are, that is a small price to pay. Furthermore, bans on child pornography would
To ban this type of music encourages the viewing of women as helpless, victim figures.
To ban violent music against weapon is to support positive status of women in society.
To bar women from combat, is discrimination.
To benefit the state legislation must not support anti-terrorism.
To defend itself, the EU should build an army.
To engage in sports shooting is a step towards complete desensitization to the harm imposed by firearms.
To get the best candidates to run for office, mayors should be elected.
To help Russia, the nation needs a strong leader.
To improve National Security, the US should engage more often in Foreign Aid.
To increase exposure seek the playoffs.
To invade could trigger an Arms Race: the very thing everyone wants to avoid!
To keep other countries from obtaining a nuclear arsenal, other nations may pre-emptively strike.
Tolerance has a negative correlation with costs
Tolerating doping in any form inevitibly leads to a culture of where not using PEDs is punished, as everyone uses them to get an edge.
to motivate children to behave in school try corporal punishment
Too hard to enforce
Too many innocents killed
Too many prisons.
Too many strings
Too much centralisation of power is a disadvantage of mayors.
Too much dependency on biotechnology companies would be created by GMOs.
Too much homework can be harmful
Too much homework is detrimental.
too much money for the hosts
Too much publicity of terrorism places unnecessary attention on it and effects good decision making.
too much time has gone by for reparations
TOPIC #7: Should tablets replace textbooks in K 12 schools?
To reach their verdict, juries should be give the most information possible
Torturing suspects undermines the rights of all Americans.
To stop Holocaust deniers from engaging in real world actions a ban would be needed.
To use  nuclear weapons in defense of the nation is lawful for all countries.
Trade allows the other country an opportunity to grow.
Trade can replace aid with the proper infrastructure.
Trade does not allocate resources effectively
Trade is a long-term basis for international co-operation.
Trade is good for democracy.
Trade may not help those most in need.
Trade may not provide immediate relief.
Trade provides developing countries with an important basis for their own improvement.
Trade  provides the opportunity to advance oneself to the developing country.
Trade requires infrastructure
Trade works to form a long-term working relationship.
Trade works to strengthen bonds between countries in the long term.
Translating academic work is not neccessary for countries in the West.
Translation allows greater participation by academics in global academia and global marketplace of ideas
Translation expands the knowledge base of citizens to help solve local problems
Translation gives access to students to learn valuable information and develop their human capital and to become academically and economically competitive
Transparency allows citizens to choose for a healthy leader as to ensure proper functioning
Transparency can only hold the military accountable
Traveling at high speeds is dangerous.
Treating animals as property prevents them from being perceived as part of the moral community
Treats the long term unemployed as if they are bad.
Treats the long term unemployed as if they are the problem.
Treats the long term unemployed like criminals.
Trial by jury is a fundamental right and should never be abridged.
Trials help bring divisions into the open to help heal them.
trials need be limited
Tribunals are adequate replacements that maintain respect for detainees' rights.
True democracy cannot exist in an individualistic culture
True individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence
True progress comes when people take the time to understand other cultures - other people's beliefs and customs.
trust funds do not help investing
Trying to capture Assad or rebel war criminals would just be a waste of time.
Trying to enforce this rule would mean that women's rights are infringed upon
tuition fees are helpful
Tuition fees will help education
Tuition fees will improve education recieved.
Turkey does not fit well because it is an unstable Muslim country while the EU has a Christian history.
Turkey has a poor human rights record
Turkey has different political and religious influences than other member states, which could cause issues.
Turkey has precedents, such as Romania and Bulgaria, both of whom were accepted into the EU
Turkey is a highly unstable democracy in an unstable part of the world
Turkey joining the EU would help the international fight against terrorism
Turkey's political and religious influences could result in backlash.
Turkey would be an unstable Muslim state in a traditionally Christian union
Tv influences children's behavior
Two people who want to get married should be able to, no matter their sexuality.
Tying aid to human rights puts pressure on countries to act responsibly
Tyke sponsorship realizes more prominent comprehension between individuals from various nations and societies.
UK leaving the EU will shift its influences.
UK security strongest when shared with EU.
UK students should have priority over international students in UK Universities.
UK students should have priority to UK Universities
UK Universities should give priority to students from the UK.
UK will be disentangled
UK will be disentangled from EU affairs
UK will not be entangled
UK will renew its self-reliance in security.
Unauthorized sharing on social media exposes artists to copyright infringement, loss of intellectual property, and loss of income.
Unauthorized sharing on social media sites can lead to artists being infringed on their copyrights, loss of intellectual property, and income loss
unborn babies have just as much rights as anyone else
Uncertainty over the effects of cannabis means it is best to be prudent
Under a gold standard the United States had stronger economic growth over its history.
“Under God” is part of American tradition and history
Undermines American Judical System
Undermines US position on internet freedom
Understanding diversity and all the different cultures around the world is the key to world peace.
Under the age of 14, it is too dangerous to have a facebook account because it is dangerous to display personal information.
Under the gold standard, income levels in the United States were rising much faster and unemployment levels were lower.
Under the law everyone is equal, and fair treatment is mandated for all.
unemployed people older than 25 will suffer
Unemployment begits incentives to employment.
Unemployment is a good incentive to find employment
Unenforceable
Unfair to apply same patent laws universally
Unforeseeable consequences
Unhealthy food is cheaper
Unhealthy Food May Be Bad For Brain Function
Unhealthy foods lead to a higher risk of diabetes.
Uniform policies save valuable class time because they are easier to enforce than a standard dress code.
Uniforms make everyone appear equal since there is no variation in clothing styles, costs, etc.
Uniforms make it easier for parents to afford clothes for their kids.
Uniforms may have a detrimental effect on students' self-image.
UN intervention may have finally stopped the conflict.
UN is keeping its mission for peace
United States drone strikes include collateral damage.
United States law endorses drone strikes.
Universal Basic Income (UBI) takes money from the poor and gives it to everyone, increasing poverty and depriving the poor of needed targeted support
Universal benefits of human rights
Universal free education may be a great idea in practice, but it is not feasible for the government to handle the expenses.
Universal free higher education cost too much for the state to maintain.
Universal human rights makes self-determination less important.
Universal world policies can infringe on rights.
Universities allow for free expression.
Universities are bastions of free expression
Universities should exchange ideas not impose them
Universities will lack funding which will severely limit the number of places that can be offered.
Universities without funding will be hurt
University education is an investment.
Unlike most Middle Eastern countries, Iraq after the war has become democratic now that Saddam Hussein is out of power.
Unlike textbooks, online texts are more easily updated.
Unlike warfare cyber-attacks don’t kill so they don’t need to be restricted in the same way
Unmanned drone attacks may harm innocent civilians.
Unmanned salons are deadly
Unmanned salons are legal, yet deadly
Unmanned salons are very deadly
Unmanned salons may be legal, but they also may be deadly
Unmanned salons, while legal, are also deadly
Unrealistically costly
Unreasonable commitment to expect of people
UN reform is almost impossible to be agreed on.
Unrestricted Coca production would increase the availability of cocaine
UN sanctions would lose power, as they could be revoked by the new Security Council.
Until the US knows who will replace Raul Castro, it does not make sense to put new policies in place.
U.S. and Allie soldiers and citizens are at risk if Habeas Corpus is ignored.
US  and EU governments cannot and will not fund any terrorist groups.
U.S. drone strikes enable other nations to violate human rights.
US drone strikes give cover for other countries to engage in human rights abuses.
used in moderation corperal punishment can be appropriate for certain children
Use reverse psychology on kids to remove the appeal of drinking.
Uses of free speech motivated by personal gain should still be protected.
Using animals in sport demeans humans.
Using a tablet is so intuitive that it makes learning fun and easy.
using cannabis has more benefits than not using
using cannabis leads to other drugs
Using drones blurs the distinction between war and peace.
Using drones can reduce the chance of pilots getting PTSD in operations.
Using force to protect human rights can be detrimental.
Using inadmissible evidence in court would improve the ability to combat terrorism and organized crime.
Using social media can harm students' chances for college admission.
Using social media can improve students grades
Using social media takes time away from real, in-person interaction.
Using social networking sites at workplaces wastes valuable amount of work-time.
Using tablets is more expensive than using print textbooks.
Using the internet and their freedom Holocaust deniers legitimize their organization and message in the eyes of consumers.
US intervention is not consistent with other aspects of US law
US law allows for drone strikes.
Vaccination against a disease is necessary if that disease still exists in the world.
Vaccinations have to past rigorous testing before and after approval
Vaccine-preventable diseases have not disappeared so vaccination is still necessary.
Vaccines are a safe compound.
Vaccines are bad for children’s health, cases prove
Vaccines are economically efficient, versus the cost of disease.
Vaccines are essential and save lives.
Vaccines are made from harmful ingredients.
Vaccines are unnatural, and natural immunity is more effective than vaccination.
Vaccines can be linked to health disasters
Vaccines can be used to eradicate disease.
Vaccines can cause serious and sometimes fatal side effects.
Vaccines can contain controversial ingredients.
Vaccines can contain ingredients some people consider immoral or otherwise objectionable.
Vaccines can save children's lives.
Vaccines contain harmful ingredients.
Vaccines don't take much time, and save a lot of trouble.
Vaccines eradicated smallpox and have nearly eradicated other diseases such as polio.
Vaccines protect future generations.
Vaccines protect individuals who can't get them by immunizing everyone else.
Vaccines protect the children of tomorrow.
"Vaccines protect the ""herd."""
Vaccines provide economic benefits for society.
Vaccines save children and their parents time and money.
Vaccines  taken together are destroying the immune systems.
Valuable information cannot be obtained through harsh interrogation tactics.
Vanquishing the terrorists is the best option because terrorists are not worthy of trust.
Vegetarian diets allow more calcium to be absorbed than from meat and leads to healthy bones.
Vegetarian diets are not necessarily better for the environment.
Vegetarian diets aren't always more environmentally friendly
Vegetarian diets can cause the death of animals too
Vegetarian diets can cause the death of animals too.
Vegetarian diets result in a reduction of antibiotic usage.
Vegetarian diets won't help world hunger
Vegetarianism doesn't always help the environment
Vegetarianism doesn't reduce world hunger
Vegetarianism is healthier
Vegetarianism makes no difference in longevity
vegetarians are 40 % less likely to have cancer
Vegetarians die at the same rate as meat eaters.
Vegetarians do not live longer.
Vegetarians have average lifespans
Vegetarians live longer.
Very intense training methods aren't necessarily abusive.
Very rigorous training methods aren't necessarily abusive.
Vested international interest are harming Myanmar
Victims of rape did not consent to sex and should have the right to terminate the pregnancy.
Video games are content that has a right to be censored for the mass majority's public safety.
Video games do not influence players to commit real world violence.
Video replay makes the game more complicated.
Video replay makes the game too complicated.
Video replays would take away from the entertainment
Viewing an artifact in its native area is beneficial to its perception.
Viewing women as sex objects in advertising harms the status of women in society.
Violating the Geneva Conventions with terrorists makes them 'right' about the West.
Violation of Sovereignty
Violations to the dignified human occur with cloning.
violence drops with video games
Violence existed before video games.
'Violence' is a blurry concept and could lead to banning good games.
Violence is music leads to violence in real life, so ending violent music would lessen violence in real life.
violent games make people agressive.
Violent games normalizes forms of violence.
Violent music can be listened to without people going out and doing what the music says.
violent music harms families
Violent or sexual programming has no intrinsic worth beyond the entertainment it provides. Even if the harms are small, why should we accept them?
Violent video game players know the difference between virtual violence in the context of a game and appropriate behavior in the real world.
Violent video games are detrimental to social interaction.
Violent video games are seen as a risk factor for aggressive behavior, according to the American Psychological Association (APA)
Violent Video Games Cause Social Interaction Problems
Violent Video Games cause Violent Behaviour
Violent Video Games Contribute to decreased Crime Rates
violent video games decrease violence
Violent video games desensitise users
Violent video games have been shown to have positive effect on kindness and cooperative behavior.
Violent video games lead to inappropriate social interactions.
Violent video games reduce crime
Vital employees and state workers could more  sensibly be given exemption  over celebrities.
Voters do not understand or care about EU reforms.
Voting among youth would be discouraged by EU elections.
Voting at a lower age would increase participation
War and crisis cannot be prevented
War criminals need to be held accountable for what they have done
War criminals need to be prosecuted in order to provide justice.
War does not occur due to religion.
War is a part of human nature
War is in human nature
War kills whereas negotiations save lives.
War on the poor
Warrants are needed to prevent abuse
Waste of Police Time
Waste of time – won’t capture Assad or rebel war criminals.
Watching adult content can make children susceptible to commiting violent or sexually inappropriate acts
Watching porn is bad for kids.
Water must be stored in containers for emergencies and bottled water is the ideal solution.
Water scarcity can be addressed by desalination plants.
We all have an obligation to help maintain freedom of speech.
We already recognise that we cannot place complete trust in juries.
Wealth gap undermines equality of opportunity; reducing it makes society fairer.
Wealth redistribution is best done through the use of subsidies.
We are duty bound to aid the less fortunate.
We are glad that anti-terrorism laws are in place when they twart attacks.
we are increasing the hate inside terrorist organizations and the dead person will be seen as a hero that animates their fight.
We are morally obligated to help the needy.
We are obligated to promote racial equality and provide affirmative action programs.
We are out of time to hold a second referedum.
Wearing uniforms enhances school pride, unity, and community spirit.
We can eat non-GM food and still be healthy
We can futher the research and development of these projects by giving more information to the public.
We can help decrease social prejudice with affirmative action programs.
we cannot find good reason for socialism to be implemented.
We cannot trust the FDA to oversee regulations for vaccines.
We can reduce the prevalence of psychological disorders in the gay community by allowing gay marriage.
We can't survive without her, but she could definitely do without us!
we can used diabled people as an example
We could make more room in the prison with execution punishment.
We could spend the money elsewhere.
We do not need to link morality and religion together.
We don't need a United Nation standing army.
We don’t need to eat GM food to be healthy
We don't regret the times anti-terrorism legislation has prevented attacks
We have a duty to launch a humanitarian intervention in Syria.
We have a moral obligation to stop discrimination with affirmative action.
We have forgotten to mind our own business
We Have Forgotten What We are Observing
We have lost sight of what we are observing.
We have so much, we should give to those who don't
We have the right to collective bargaining.
Welfare based on conditions is not appropriate or fair.
We may accept that we have the right to eat meat
We must always be careful what we post on Facebook or there could be negative consequences.
We must apply the same standards to internet regulation that we apply to all media.
We must ban bullfighting to keep humans from recklessly getting injured and even dying.
We must have bottled water for emergency water.
We must maintain collective bargaining to hear all voices.
we need a representative democraxcy
We need to be free of the shackles of oil dependence and develop alternative fuels.
We need to improve the transport system, this costs
We need to make the Pledge of Alligance more inclusive to all by removing reference to God.
We need to recognize sex work as the legitimate work it is
we need two state solution can satisfy both sides
We put in danger less people in the combat
Were there not to be a referendum, there would be the possibility of violence.
We shall move at once.
We should be charitable.
We should declare the war on prostitution
We should hope so, given all the hype around it.
We should not be encouraging interest in material things
We should not commit to trying suspects if it will endanger intelligence sources.
We should not imprison children.
We should not try to fix what isn't broken and what is fixing itself.
We shouldn't force people to study if they aren't good at it and choose not to.
we should speak one common language
we should still work in an office with our colleagues.
We should take advantage of the fact that drone strikes are legal
Western donors shouldn't fund the outcome of the Palestinian elections.
Western Money, Western Discretion
Western workers are remaining healthier for longer
We will move as soon as possible.
What are the negative effects of police body cameras.
What does religion have to do in a political protest?
WHAT HAPPEN TO A FREE CANADA.  WE ARE GOING BACK TO THE TIME WERE SLAVES HAD NO RIGHT, NOW IT IS SMOKERS HAVE NO RIGHT
What if a doctor decides to 'let you go' to get an organ?
What if your loved-one was a recipient?
What intervention in Libya, are you sure?
What matters are individual democratic rights, not necessarily collective self-determination.
What risks are there to individuals if police wear body cameras.
What use are organs to you when you’re dead?
What we are observing has been forgotten.
When a child works as a performer, their education suffers.
When a crime takes place that can be really difficult, it will not help to have armed civilians, as they will only escalate it.
When a housewife is paid, they have a better stand in society
When a national figure such as an NFL player refuses to stand for the national anthem, it shocks people into paying attention and generates conversation.
When animals are treated as property it prevents them from being perceieved as part of the moral community.
When applying for jobs, it's important that former felons disclose their records.
When attacks are prevented, we do not regret the imposition of anti-terrorism legislation.
When harmful speech is glorified in music, it leads to bad things in real life.
When innocent people are threatened, negotiations should not take place.
When internet users are anonymous, they are more easily able to engage in illegal activities.
When looking for a job social media can help
When looking for ways to change the inequality of wealth and increase money available for public goods, income tax should not be the focus.
When one believes the United States is not living up to its ideals of freedom, liberty, and justice for all, refusing to stand for the national anthem is appropriate and justified.
When other countries will not provide troops and supplies, PMCs will do it as needed.
When people does not rest enough, they can not give their full potential at work.
When people see a celebrity not standing for the national anthem, it makes people notice and spurs debate.
When people use social media they tend to reduce their personal face-to-face  time with others.
When teachers are wrong they need to let students know their mistakes.
When terrorist events are publicized, terrorists gain a platform.
When the minimum wage goes up, employers make up the costs by decreasing employee benefits and increasing general taxes.
When the police are armed, mistakes will lead to innocent people getting shot
When there are other alternatives like adoption, abortion is wrong.
When there is evidence of jury tampering or intimidation, limiting the choice of trial be jury is necessary.
When the U.S. uses drone strikes abroad, it gives those nations permission to participate in human rights infringement.
When you have an abundance of something you should give to those who do not share in your fortune.
When you know terrorists are likely to be members of particular national and ethnic groups, it is simply more practical to focus searches on those groups.
Where else can you say what you want?
Where same-sex households exist, they should have equal rights as opposite-sex households.
Where the people and not the government shoulder the burden, sanctions don't work.
Where will you get the chance to say what you really mean?
While in school, competition in sports  improves team building later in life.
While parents don't want to encourage the need for material things, it is important for all children to have a mobile phone.
White tigers held in captive should not be breeded.
Who cares if someone wears a veil?
Who says who can marry and who can't
Why a flat tax is fairer
Why a flat tax isn't 'fair':
Why a flat tax is regressive
Why does it concern you if another person wears a veil?
Why Home Schooling Harms Society
Why is the authority figure there?
Why teach someone to do what they already know how to do?
Why use the form of a prayer and mention the Virgin in a political protest?
Why would a Government legitimately need to block the sort of material that goes on Wikileaks?
Why would Ukraine trust a lease when the previous one was violated?
Widespread criminal networks can be dealt with using intercepted evidence.
Wikileaks is so common and any facts can be either fact checked to be proven true or false, using it to blackmail someone would put the criminal at risk.
Wikipedia is an excellent starting point for enquiries
Wikipedia links to thier sources.
Wikipedia provides free, open access to knowledge
Will Cause Resentment Between Men and Women
Will encourage people not to drive
Will file-sharing stop if downloaders are banned from internet use
Will police body cameras teach police anything.
Wind energy costs can be projected long term and wind will not go away.
Wind energy costs less to operate and is better for the environment.
Wind energy has a stable price in the long-term, it will be with us for the long haul
Wind energy has a stable price in the long-term, it will be with us in perpetuity.
Wind energy is an economical form of energy generation,  it is good at reducing both running costs and environmental harm
Wind energy is an economically sound form of energy generation, which  reduces both running costs and environmental harm .
Wind energy is an economic form of energy generation reducing both running costs and environmental harm
Wind energy is a renewable energy option, whereas fossil fuels and nuclear power are not.
Wind energy is more sustainable than burning fossil fuels or using nuclear power.
Wind energy isn't reliable and is inconsistent.
Wind energy is unreliable and provides only an irregular source of supply – and even then only in some countries
Wind energy lessens two things - cost to operate and environmental impact.
Wind energy prices will be stable and wind will always be around.
Wind energy provides a sustainable alternative as opposed to our use fossil fuels and nuclear power.
Wind energy provides a sustainable alternative to fossil fuels and nuclear power
Wind energy provides a sustainable alternative to our other more limited resources.
Wind energy provides for price stability in the long-term, wind will be with us for the duration
Wind Farms Help Reduce Carbon Emissions
Wind turbines are dangerous to animals and their habitats.
Wind turbines represent a threat to the local wildlife habitat
Wiretapping can actually threaten the success of intelligence services in preventing crime and helping to prove criminals guilty.
Wiretapping can be couterproductive.
Wiretapping can jeopardize investigations.
Wiretapping has a high level of benefit to both reduce serious crime and prosecute criminals.
Wiretapping is a highly effective method which helps to prevent serious crime and secure convictions for criminals.
Wiretapping is effective in preventing crime and catching criminals.
Wiretapping makes it easier to stop crimes and catch the bad guys.
With an increased standard of living for all the reason for crime would almost disappear.
With a strong leaders, the benefits outweigh the costs
Withholding funds will cause Palestine to rely on anti-Israeli regimes.
Withholding funds will further alienate Palestine and strengthen their reliance on anti-Israeli regimes.
Withholding funds will increase security and stability in Palestine.
Withholding funds will prevent PNA terrorism and anti-Semitism.
With more education comes more opportunities
With net neutrality, consumers are safe from ISP fee changes
With no funding, PNA terrorism and anti-Semitism will be prevented.
With no hope of reciprocity, adherence to the Geneva Conventions would undermine the fight against terrorism.
Without access to the internet there is not freedom of information and expression in today's world.
Without aid, Palestine will be forced to rely on anti-Israeli regimes.
Without appropriate legislation, neo-Nazi groups will publish their own version as a propaganda tool.
Without commerce our holidays and festivals would cease to exist.
Without self-determination, minority cultures cannot be protected.
Without self-determination, some disputes are unsolvable.
With plastic container being so prevalent banning plastic water bottles will not reduce plastic waste.
With reduced speed comes reduced deaths
With rotation in its membership, the UN Security Council would be a more fair and flexible in its representation.
With the death penalty in place, crime is deterred
Witnesses and jurors could easily become involved in the media coverage of the case and place the trial at jeopardy.
Witnesses might be identified and placed in danger
Women are currently obtaining the most respected jobs.
Women are getting the most prestigious of jobs now
Women are not the future for Africa’s economy
Women are oppressed by face and hair coverings
Women are patronized by the current prostitution laws and therefore they are wrong.
Women are targeted for use in sexist advertising.
Women are the backbone of Africa’s agriculture
Women can be the backbone of Africa's agriculture.
Women can only truly be protected by asylum.
Women can't be the future for Africa's economy.
Women get poor through land ownership.
Women have a right to be free of stereotyping.
Women have a right to choose
Women have developed a platform for economic development.
Women must accept the same risks as men if they want to be judged on an equal scale.
Women provide a platform for economic development
Women should develop a platform for economic development.
Women should have ownership over their own bodies by having reproductive choice.
Women should not be able to use abortion as a form of contraception.
Women's sports are less popular than men's and so should get less media coverage.
Women who are denied abortions are more likely to become unemployed, to be on public welfare, to be below the poverty line, and to become victims of domestic violence.
Women who are housewives should be paid
Women who are not married would be able to get a decent home thanks to land titles.
Women who receive abortions are less likely to suffer mental health problems than women denied abortions.
Women will not be the future for Africa's economy.
Women would be seen as helpless victims if we banned this type of music.
Workers will be more motivated and therefore more productive
Working as a performer can make a child vulnerable.
Working from home is more comfortable for many employees, meaning they are more motivated to go to work and more productive while working, which is much better for companies.
Working in an office is the best place to be.
working mothers are earning enough money to support their children
working too long is a waste
working too long wastes potential
Work puts limits on the formal education received by a child performer.
World government would create more problems than it would fix.
World hunger can be reduced with a vegetarian diet.
World hunger can not be fixed by vegetarianism.
World security is threatened by employing a missile defense.
Worldwide our holidays and festivals have been cheapened and ruined by commercial interests.
Would anyone disarm?
Would balance the support for Syrian government
Would complicate elections
Would lead to similar policy towards drugs
Would stop riots from spreading
Would undermine national sovereignty
Written textbooks are safer because they do not suffer from risks technology does.
Written works should be subject to the same types of ratings systems as other entertainment media
Wrongful convictions can be reduced through DNA evidence.
Yes, but only when an emergency warrants their use.
YES, give them the rights they deserve!
Yes Homework Should Have A Limit
Yes, it is against the law.
Yes, it should.
Yes, it should be allowed for the case of emergency.
Yes its slavery and rape.
Yes, kids need to balance out mental and physical exercise.
Yes, people should be accountable for what they say if it's inappropriate.
Yes, this should happen when a law is broken.
You can always get a hold of your child if he has a mobile phone.
You can find harmful ingredients in vaccines.
You can look at Norway and the Republic of Ireland to see successful nation-states.
you can reduce the deficit by removing tax cuts
you can vote at 18 why cant you drink?
You have little reason to have a mobile phone if you do not have anyone to talk to on it.
You have to treat people differently in order to reach equality
Young adults drinking could cause more problems in the future
Young adults in college won't get in trouble with the law
Younger people are more likely to not take the impact of their vote seriously.
Young girls are given more role models for participating in sports with increased media coverage.
Young people are too burdened by fees and loans.
Young People in South Korea are okay with no unity.
Young people should be able to think for themselves and make their own decisions.
Young people should have the choice to decide for themselves
Young people should have the freedom to make their own choices.
Young people want to have kids
Young people would be more likely to misuse their vote
Your child can call you if he needs anything if he has a phone.
You should be able to smoke in public.
You take it out of context
Youth can be negatively influenced by mature videos.
Zero tolerance also allows for a sound rehabilitative role
Zero tolerance improves the standard of policing
Zero tolerance policing is enormously expensive
Zero tolerance policing provides a powerful deterrent to criminals.
A Ban on Shark Fin Soup Is Necessary to Protect the Shark from Extinction
Abolish congressional earmarks
Abolish the security council veto
Abolish the Superdelegate System for Democratic Party Conventions
Abolish the US Electoral College
Aboriginal culture must be protected
A celebrity would make a good minister
Adding artificial happy endings to a story completely ruins it
Africa is really rising
African cities need to invest more in housing to replace slums
Alcohol should be banned.
All drugs should be decriminalised
All illegal immigrants must be repatriated
All our actions are determined in some way
Anarchism is a valuable political ideology
Animals have rights.
Animals should be kept in zoos
Animal testing should be banned.
An international ban should be placed on the export of nuclear reactor technology
Antarctica Should Be Opened Up For Resource Exploitation
Any work that is not released under a creative commons license shouldn't be funded
Atheist countries are more benevolent
Attorney-client privilege should be abolished
Boys should go to boys only schools
Bribery is sometimes acceptable
CCTV is a threat to freedom
Chess must be at the Olympics
Children should not be allowed to inherit vast wealth as this damages them and society
Christianity is the greatest deception of today
Churches should (defined as churches, temples, mosques, synagogues, etc.) remain tax-exempt
Civil liberties should be sacrificed for the greater good
Civil society should be granted a wider participation in Africa’s political life
College education is worth it
College football should replace the bowl championship series (BCS)
Companies should provide alternative interview methods
Compensation should be paid for those who have had their culture appropriated
Cramming before exams is a bad idea
Danish newspapers should not have published cartoons depicting the Prophet Mohammed
Democracies should ban the display of communist and Nazi symbols
Democracy has to be imposed, if needed
Democracy Is the Best Form of Government
Deny Organs to Non-Donors
Dictatorship is the best path to development
Does campaign finance in the United States need to be fixed?
Domestic intelligence agencies have a legitimate role to play in democracy
Do not allow companies to collect/sell the personal data of their clients
Downloading music without permission is morally equivalent to theft
Drones Should Be Used to Take Out Enemy Combatants
Encourage fewer people to go to university
Eritrea is responsible for its isolation
Europe should be federal
Evolution has Disproved Creationism
Faith schools must be banned
Federal States are better than unitary nations
Fighting should be allowed in hockey.
Film stars, music stars and other popular entertainers should not be participating in party-political campaigns
Financial Assistance for the Poor Should Be the Responsibility of Charities, Not Government
Fines should be made relative to income
Force think tanks to reveal all of their sources of funding
France is right to intervene in Mali
Gabon hosting the Africa Cup of Nations was a good thing
Gambling must be banned
German prosecutors should investigate NSA surveillance of Angela Merkel
Golf is a Sport
Gorbachev Was Responsible for The Collapse Of The USSR
Government must be Big and Beefy
Governments should ban the media from reporting hostage-taking
Governments Should Pay Compensation For Terrorist Atrocities Carried Out By Their Citizens
Governments Should Put Wealth Redistribution Ahead Of Wealth Creation
Grant politicians immunity from prosecution
Handguns must be banned in Washington D.C.
Have no elections rather than sham elections
Hillary Clinton would make a better president for America
History as a subject in school is needed
Homework is beneficial
Humans should eat meat
Illegal downloaders should be cut off from the internet
Individuals have a moral obligation to assist people in need
Inheritance tax should be raised to 100% for everyone born in the UK
In Parliamentary Democracies, A Change Of Prime Minister Should Automatically Trigger A General Election.
Instant Replay Should Be Used in Major League Baseball
Israel should return to its pre-1967 borders
It does matter where you go to university or college
It is a good idea to have a system of  participatory democracy
It is fine to kill one to save many
It is necessary to offer increased aid to developing world countries that encourage and accept large influxes of immigrants
It is worth voting
It should be allowed to have military recruitment in schools
Jerusalem should be divided
Keep the Sabbath as a Day of Rest
Kill One to Save Many
Labels on food must be mandated to encourage people to eat better
Launching a military coup against a democratic government can be justified
Macs are better than PCs
Major league baseball should continue to allow collisions at home plate
Make all museums free of charge
Mandatory sentencing is fine.
Men are the key to family planning in Uganda
Mexican culture was incurably damaged by the introduction of Christianity
Mixed Martial Arts (UFC) is a form of human cockfighting
Money undermines sport’s values
Mossad should carry out extrajudicial killings
Music should be free for all
Music That Glorifies Crime Should Be Banned
National service should be re-introduced
Nations of the world should increase protection of the economic and social rights of migrants
NATO countries and the government of Afghanistan should negotiate a power-sharing deal with the Taliban
NATO has succeeded in Afghanistan
Nollywood could be an effective instrument to change perceptions of Africa
Offshoring is a good idea
Oil Companies Should Not Be Allowed To Drill Offshore
Online gambling has to be banned
Open primaries are the most effective method of selecting candidates for elections
Opinion polls harm the democratic process
Paparazzi and press intrude too much into celebrities lives
Parents should be allowed to genetically screen foetuses for heritable diseases
Parents should have the right to do background checks on those looking after their children
Pensions should be privatised
People should have a right to private education
permit the use of performance enhancing drugs in professional sports
PHILOSOPHY – Utilitarianism isn’t as fair as it initially seems
physical fitness is better than mental fitness
Plastic Bags should be banned
Polls are accurate predictors of election results
Positive Discrimination Towards Women in Society Is Justified
Power only has two dimensions
Pre-nuptial agreements should not be recognised in divorce courts
Prisoners Should Be Used For Medical Experiments Without Consent
Privacy Online is Important
Private universities in the UK must be encouraged
Puerto Rico should seek American statehood
Raise The School Leaving Age To 18
Reheat tea in the microwave
Religious symbols in public buildings must be banned
Remove the requirement for Catholic Priests to take a vow of celibacy
Roger Federer Is Not the Greatest Tennis Player of All Time
Romeo and Juliet is unsuccessful as a tragedy
Rupert Murdoch is not a fit person to run an international media corporation
Sadomasochism must be decriminalized
Sanctions should be used to promote democracy
School Day Should Be Extended
Scotland should cede from the union.
Security profiling at airports is justified
Send Yanukovych to The Hague
Should the United States scale back the War on Drugs?
Show the darker side of the formation of the nation
Smoking should be banned in public places
Socialism is Dead
Sports Have Became More About Making Money Than Playing Well
Sports initiations should be banned
Stop the Olympic Games
Store nuclear waste underground
Student loan debt should be easier to discharge in bankruptcy
Take a visit the Yasukuni Shrine
Tanzania’s taxation on mobile phones is a good model
Targeted online advertising on the basis of user profiles and demographics must be banned
Terrorism can be justified
The 2022 Football World Cup must be moved to the winter
The agreement between Russia and Great Britain in 1907 was inevitable
The Catholic Church needs reform
The Dalai Lama’s ‘third way’ in Tibet
The environment is being sacrificed for the economy
The EU does have a future
The EU should engage in further enlargement
The expenditure of money should be protected as speech
The full financial history of all candidates for political office must be posted online
The House of Lords should be reformed
The human genome should be patented
The ICC is not an effective deterrent
The ICC should have its own enforcement arm
The Illegality Of Recreational Drugs Does More Harm Than Good
The Internet must be censored
The internet’s anonymity is beneficial
The law on self defence should cover ‘grossly disproportionate’ actions
The music that glorifies violence against women should be banned
The northern Ireland would be better off if united with the Republic of Ireland
The outcome of the Paris Climate Conference needs to be an international treaty with binding emission cuts
The penny should stay in circulation
The People’s Republic of China should invade North Korea
There is a good case for stating that there is a God
There Is a Mathematical Miracle in the Quran That Proves It Is the Word of God
There is life after death
There is life on other planets
The republican party has lost its way
There Should be an English Parliament
The right to asylum should not be absolute
The Schengen Agreement must be dissolved
‘The Spear’ should have remained on public display.
The threat of Climate Change is exaggerated
The Uhuru Kenyatta indictment was an unwelcome interference by the ICC
The UK Should Leave the European Union
The United Nations Security Council should be expanded
The United States is a ‘benign’ hegemon
The UN should impose sanctions on countries that destroy their rainforests
The use of animals as objects of sport and entertainment should be banned.
The use of atomic bombs against Hiroshima and Nagasaki was justified
The US is Justified in Using Force to Prevent States From Acquiring Nuclear Weapons
Those affected by climate change should get compensation
Transparency is necessary for security
Turkey is not a democracy
Use and Misuse of Internet
Use of goal line technology in football is overdue, and can only lead to benefits.
Users of extremist websites should be punished
US must get rid of the double jeopardy rule
Violent Video Games Contribute to Youth Violence
Voting should be compulsory in the UK
Water Should Be Owned And Supplied By The State
We have to employ mercenaries
We must ban negative advertising in political campaigns
We must be a libertarian; right or left, right or wrong
We must bring back corporal punishment
We must enforce term limits on the legislative branch of government
We must support the Scottish Independence
We must support the use of truth and reconciliation commissions
We should abolish speed cameras
We should drop the sanctions against Cuba.
We should fear the power of government over the Internet
We should make new years resolutions
We should not slaughter animals which have not been stunned first.
We should pull out of the Article 98 Agreements that prevent US soldiers from being sent to the ICC for trial
We should support enforcing term limits on the executive branch of government
We support the New START Treaty
Wikileaks is not and has never been a non-profit organization
Winning the Champions League Is Better Than Winning the Premier League
Workers in the Transport Sectors Should Be Banned From Going On Strike
You have nothing to worry about surveillance if you have done nothing wrong
You should never have children
2.  consequentialism - we must reduce overall suffering, helping people reduces suffering in the world
4. Gov is better suited than charities.
95% of animals used in experiments are not protected by the Animal Welfare Act.
A bachelor's degree is considered standard now.
A ban is necessary for progress in the status of women.
A ban on earmarks would negatively affect congress.
A ban on online gambling would not feasible because police would not be able to enforce it.
A ban on unions wouldn't be effective, since the unions would just do something else.
Abolishing a good service on the basis that some cannot afford it is absurd
Abolishing a good service that is unaffordable is a disservice to humanity.
Abolishing earmarks will save money
Abolishing speed cameras makes drivers feel less responsible.
Abolishment of double jeopardy would ensure the guilty do not escape punishment
Abuse of information and power by intelligence agencies
According to Probability - a creator exists
According to survey, most U.S. citizens support drone strikes.
Accurate calls should be the top priority, and instant replay helps provide them
A celebrities job is to entertain, when did watching a real life marriage fall apart or a real life person in depression become entertaining?
A celebrity minister can interest children with politics
A change is needed to stop the cycle of violence.
A collective decision by sovereign national entities should be made to upgrade the rights of migrants.
A college degree is no guarantee of workplace benefits.
A college degree is required for an increasing number of jobs.
A college education is a significant accomplishment.
A coup makes it more difficult to trust in democracy
Acquiring a degree does not guarantee you a job.
A dangerous precedent is set when you regulate think tanks.
Addiction to celebrity culture and information is unhealthy
Adding poorer countries to the EU will adversely impact the ones that  are more prosperous.
A dictatorship breeds order and it's a needed step for both development and liberal democracy
A federal Europe will be a stronger international actor
A federal Europe will benefit the citizens of its member states
A federal Europe will ensure that large, multinational businesses remain accountable for their actions
A federal Europe will protect the cultural diversity of its member states
Afghan history shows failings of foreign invasion, so this campaign is also doomed to failure.
afghanistan economic issues are not solved by Nato
afghanistan is currently a dangerous place
Afghanistan is still a dangerous place
Afghanistan is very dangerous
A flat rate is more just
africa and iraq are proof that power sharing works.
Africa’s Economies are growing rapidly
After 50 years the Cuba embargo has shown no results so the US should end it.
Against morality and medical ethics
Against the Principle of  Criminal Justice
Agencies use surveillance to abuse their power.
A goal for a whole year is unrealistic.
A good education relies on a strong foundation of historical knowledge.
A good ending is good for morale.
A good investment in society would be to raise the school leaving age.
A handgun ban reduces crime and deaths
Aid can ensure better treatment of migrants
Air pollution gets worse over time.
air pollution is going to get worse
Air pollution will get even worse.
A lack of diversity is one issue with private schools
Alcohol should be banned so that our individuals would lead healthier lives.
A legal transaction is the only way to achieve free exchange of value
A libertarian world would be a crueler and darker world than the one we currently live in.
all countries are entitled to self defense with nuclear weapons, even when they do not have the capacity to carry conventional weapons
All countries have a right to defend themselves with nuclear weapons, even when they lack the capacity in conventional weapons
All educated people would prefer to live in a world that aligned itself with the principle of saving many at the expense of one, if presented the choice.
All high schools accepting state funding should accept military recruiters once a year
All humans deserve internet access.
All of society benefits from protection of indigenous culture
Allowing drug use is wrong – Prohibition must remain
Allowing open primaries will only encourage more lobbying
Allowing performance enhancing drugs in sports will lead to better competition and improved athletics.
Allowing sovereign states to set and meet their own emission targets is key
Allowing universities to be guided by an invisible hand does more harm than good
All people can retrieve music free of charge.
All states have a right to nuclear self-defense.
All the people worldwide have the same rights and are equal to one another.
All uses of animals for entertainment harm the animals.
All votes should be equal.
All-women shortlists or quotas restrict a constituent's freedom of choice
A lot of research points to the fact that internet/television addiction causes grades to suffer and is bad also for your eyes
Alternatives are better
Alternative testing methods now exist that can replace the need for animals.
American citizens approve of drone strikes.
"American taxpayers are supporting the extravagant lifestyles of wealthy pastors, whose lavish ""megachurches"" accumulate millions of tax-free dollars every year. "
America's electoral college should be done away with because it violates the democratic principle of equality in voting.
A military coup could be justified but it would make democracy fragile.
Among those who are unemployed and underemployed, there are many college graduates.
An accurate depiction of race closeness can be found in polls.
An Afghanistan dominated by warlords.
An alcohol ban would be good for society
An Anglo-German alliance at the international level is a distinct possibility.
an apathetic public can be the cause of reform
Anarchist Communities have a very poor track record.
Anarchy has nothing to contribute but violence.
An Arms race is the one outcome everyone wants to avoid, and an invasion could lead to that.
A nation state can only expect itself to be able to protect the people
A nation state can only rely on itself for security
A nation state has only themselves to look out for them
A negotiated peace would have been preferable to the dropping of the atomic bombs
An excess of wealth prevents spiritual growth
An ICC enforcement arm is unnecessary
An ICC enforcement arm would be highly detrimental to the relations between the ICC and state parties
An ICC enforcement arm would be quicker
An ICC enforcement arm would be unduly expensive
An ICC Enforcement arm would bring in a higher proportion of defendants in to trial
An ICC enforcement arm would make the ICC more credible as an organization
An ICC enforcement is a necessity if there is to be international criminal justice
animal experiments are not always accurate
Animal experiments retard medical progress due to providing misleading results
Animal research causes severe harm to the animals involved
Animal research ensures greater safety for humans
Animal researchers treat animals humanely, both for the animals' sake and to ensure reliable test results.
Animal research has played a vital role in a great many of the major medical advances of the last century
Animal research is only used when it’s needed
Animal research may be valuable, but it does not need to happen in the context of confinement and human entertainment.
Animals are appropriate research subjects because they are similar to human beings in many ways.
Animals are below humans, therefore humans can eat them
animals are entitled to rights
Animals are harmed when used as objects of entertainment, no matter how innocent that entertainment is
Animals are not percieved as part of the moral community when they are treated as property.
Animals are severely harmed by research done on them.
Animals are the only choice for testing.
Animals are treated well during animal testing.
Animals as entertainment is always harmful to the animals
Animals can suffer like humans do, so it is speciesism to experiment on them while we refrain from experimenting on humans.
Animals do not have rights, therefore it is acceptable to experiment on them.
Animals don’t have human rights
Animals don't have rights.
Animals often make better research subjects than human beings because of their shorter life cycles.
Animals should be left in the wild
Animals should not be treated as objects or property as doing so allows them to be treated amorally.
Animals shouldn’t be harmed
Animals shouldn't be put through harmful situations.
Animals themselves benefit from the results of animal testing.
Animal suffering is wrong; therefore, farming them is too, since it causes them to suffer.
Animal testing dosen't ensure good results
Animal testing has contributed to many life-saving cures and treatments.
Animal testing is cruel and inhumane.
Animal tests are more expensive than alternative methods and are a waste of government research dollars.
Animal tests do not reliably predict results in human beings.
Animal tests may mislead researchers into ignoring potential cures and treatments.
An increase of graduates from college is beneficial to those in society who never attend college.
An independent Scotland has enormous economic potential to join other small European nations, especially as a leader in technology and renewable energy
An independent Scotland nation-state would give it more influence.
An international regulatory body should exist for global migration.
An international treaty will legalize non-compliance penalties
An official, worldwide body should be present to ensure the rights of migrants.
An online gambling ban would be impossible to enforce.
Another layer of government will not be beneficial.
Another layer of representation is not what we need,
An overemphasis is given to the violence that accompanies fighting in hockey.
Antartica: A common heritage to the benefit of mankind
Antartic resource exploitation is unevitable: Let's do it orderly!
any conflict will rapidly de-escalate
A peaceful negotiation would have been a better option than setting off atomic bombs.
A penny can be used for decades and is more cost-efficient to produce than a nickel
A playoff system would not mean the end of the BCS rankings, which could still be used to determine the top 4, 8, 12, or 16 teams, depending on how many playoff games are feasible.
A Practical Solution
A regulated internet is a safe internet.
A resource treasure for humanity
A result of open primaries will be increased activity in the lobbying.
are UFO's videos can't be proofs
are we lonely in this huge universe?
Are we truly the only intelligent life in the universe?
Are you assuming the government would handle the money properly?
A rise in UN membership should be reflected also in an increase in Security Council members.
Article 98 Agreements are a crucial tool in maintaining American national sovereignty
Article 98 Agreements are unlikely to be needed
Artistic expression is damaged by free music.
Artists are better off when using creative commons licenses.
As a matter of principle, every country, including the United States, has the right to defend itself to the best of its technological and economic ability
As an extensive form of media, the Internet should be subject to regulation just as other forms of media are.
A screening culture may lead to the value of human life becoming distorted
A shared day when there is no commercial activity encourages family life and recreation
A smoker should be allowed to smoke in any place that they have a choice to go to.
A smoking ban in public places is harmful to the economy
A sporting event in the heat of a desert summer will not be a pleasant experience for the fans
Assigning homework to students improves their level of achievement
Assigning large amounts of homework isn't good for students.
As the EU expands, so does it's ideals.
As the ICC intentionally limits its prosecutions to group leaders, many of those who actually commit atrocities need have no fear of prosecution
As the Schengen area gets bigger, it becomes more difficult to police and this increases the risk of rogue elements being able to move freely between countries
as times went one, the more someone is in control of his power, the more likely he will succumb to use such power for personal advantage
A strong, consistent executive may be desirable in many cases.
A tax exemption is a privilege, not a right.
Atheism leads to high prosperity.
Atheist countries are more peaceful compared to other countries.
Atheists are more likely to respect female rights
Athletes should be free to take risks when training and competing
Athleticism does not correlate with performance when it comes to golf.
At least no elections would be more honest
atomic was the answer for japan's ruler to surrender
A true democratic mandate for the government
Attempting to impose democracy may escalate conflict.
Attending college affords great chances to check out career options.
Attending college is a great way to network.
Attorney client privilege need not be sacrosanct in all situations
A united Ireland would bring religious peace.
A universally recognized agency is necessary to protect and defend migrants.
A UNSC reform is very hard to achieve due to the many different interests and demands.
Avoids the costs and uncertainty of elections
A vote cast by someone who does not want to vote is unlikely to be based on careful consideration.
A winter cup would cause financial loss.
A winter cup would cost us fiscally.
A winter cup would harm media revenue
A winter cup would negatively impact the media revenue.
ban music that glorifies crime because of the influence it has on children
Banning alcohol is a quick fix to a wider societal problem.
Banning alcohol protects third parties (family members) from harm.
Banning Alcohol will improve health
Banning alcohol would lead to healthier individuals.
Banning collisions would fundamentally change portions of the game.
Banning religious symbols in public could lead to the banning of public political affiliation symbols.
Banning religious symbols is just a way of unfairly targeting people.
Banning shark fin soup would destroy a piece of Asian tradition.
Banning Shark's fin soup will only put it on the black market
Banning smoking in public places is not right.
Banning smoking is a bad idea.
Banning smoking is not something that's necessary.
Banning smoking isn't necessary.
Banning Strikes doesn't stop them, but hides them (non solvency)
Banning the music would only make women seen more like victims
Banning this music that glorifies violence is totally impractical.
Bans don't stop strikes, they just force unions to use other means.
Ban would harm the wider economy
Because Cuba supports terrorism, it should have sanctions levvied against it.
Because democracy is the best form of government, it is not wrong-- and indeed may even be our obligation-- to bring it to those who do not have it.
Because the turmoil besieged the state other parties took it upon themselves to lend a helping hand.
Because you can play golf without breaking a sweat, and drink and smoke while doing it,  it is not a sport.
Becoming a state would hurt the other 50 states.
before the atomic weaponry program could be compromised, the united states need to maximise its effectiveness
Being a federal state helps large states deal with divergent economic performance
Being free to smoke is a basic right that someone in a free country should have.
Being involved with the EU causes instability
Benefit from the increase in skills through their standard of living
Benefits of hosting the olympic games.
Benefits spread across the country
Better car and medical technology has saved lives, not cameras
Better governance due to transparency
better schools lead to better schools
Blocking specific sites will disrupt extremist agendas that could threaten the free world.
Blocking these sites is one of our best preventative measures in combating extremists.
Blocking these sites makes it more difficult for extremist groups to coordinate extremist action in the real world
Blood sports are not justified by their role in pest control or conservation.
Blood sports cannot be justified by reference to their role in pest control or conservation
Bombing highly populated areas is wrong.
Both sexes are encouraged lose respect for women when music depicts violence against women.
both sides will avoid threatening vital interests
boys are more aggressive, violent, stereotypically masculine in boys schools
Breeding of development and liberal democracy under dictatorial rule.
Bribery can never be justified, as it is immoral.
Bribery is morally wrong
Bribery is not considered wrong in all cultures.
Bribery is occasionally a necessary price of engaging in business.
Bribery is only wrong under a Western-centric notion of corruption
Bribery is sometimes necessary for survival
Bribery is sometimes the cost of doing business
British taxpayers are forced to bail out other European countries rather than receive goods and services
Building from withing could improve perceptions from outsiders
Bullfighting is a form of animal torture
Bullfighting is animal torture
Bullfighting is dangerous for humans and should be banned.
Bullfighting is too dangerous to humans to justify
Bullfighting should be treated like other forms of animal torture
By banning the music, women will continue to be viewed as helpless
By developing from withing their community, perception could improve
By having term limits, it makes voters feel that they can't decide on a leader by themselves
By imposing a term limit in office, we can limit the power of executive branch of government.
By imposing mandatory term limits on politicians, we are saying the citizens are not capable of making good decisions about their elected officials.
By labeling their foods, companies are able to convince consumers of falsehoods.
By law disclosure should be discussed at the start.
By leaving the EU, the UK would have less power in the region
By leaving the EU, they would lose the security they had shared
By making voting mandatory, disadvantaged groups improve their representation.
By observing animal behaviour we can help those in the wild
By reducing the number of sharks in the ocean for soup, the number of attacks on humans is reduced
By releasing financial info, a candidate shows his honesty
By releasing financial info, a candidate shows his openess and willingness to comply
By taking away collisions, you would give one side an unfair advantage
Cameras are money making, not life saving
Cameras don't save lives, better car and medical technology do,
Cameras increased fatalities creating a “fatality gap” as decades of declining fatalities flattened out
Canada is a free country, so we should be free to be able to smoke.
Candidates' full financial history allows voters to consider the financial proposals candidates may offer as potential policy.
Candidates posting their full financial history online would only intensify class wars.
Candidates solicitation of superdelegates damages the political system and requires candidates to go through contortions to secure their support
Candidates' willingness to circumvent the system/play by the rules can be indicated by financial dealings.
Can Lead To Wars after sparking hateful sentiment across the board
Can't be proven
Cant enforce an online gambling ban
Can't get a realistic impression of a person in such a short space of time.
Capitalism is less secure than socialist systems.
Capitalism replaced Socialism because it's the better system.
Capitalist principles are now being seen as a better option than Socialism even by the leaders of the Left.
Carrying a concealed handgun could help stop a public shooting spree.
Carrying a concealed handgun increases the chances of a confrontation escalating and turning lethal.
Casinos are often used to mask criminal activity
Casinos create positive economic effects in the communities that host them
Casinos support local communities financially.
Casting votes by state forces candidates to be attentive to local interests, which they would otherwise ignore in a national campaign.
Catholicism has become too corporate
Caught on film you can't deny responsibility for your actions.
Cause more people to become interested in politics
Causes expense to consumers in a time of recession
Celebrities abuse their unelected power when becoming involved in politics.
Celebrities are generally selfish
Celebrities becoming involved in politics can be detrimental to democracy.
Celebrities getting involved shows a highlight on the minority interests.
Celebrities offer a means for people to become invested in politics, and to vote.
Celebrities only think about themselves
Celebrity involvement can act as a ‘gateway’ to get more people engaged in politics
Celebrity involvement can highlight minority interests
Celibacy is outdated
Censoring Art Is Dangerous
Censoring art is extremely bad.
Censorship is fundamentally incompatible with the notion of free speech.
Certain Universities are impressive
Charities can handle poverty better
Charities do a better job of taking care of poverty
Charities tackle poverty better
Chess cannot ensure fair play
Chess is currently not an Olympic sport, but it should be.
Chess is highly popular and should be represented
Chess is one of the popular sport that should be represented at the Olympic.
Chess is popular worldwide and should be an Olympic sport.
Chess lacks the necessary physical activity
Chess ought to qualify as an Olympic sport
chess should be included in the list of Olympic sport
Children are typically healthier and more studious when their parents have graduated  college.
Children need to learn historical facts in order to be competitive in a global job market.
Children should not be exposed to inappropriate topics like sex, violence, or drug use in school or public libraries.
Children should not be exposed to sex, violence, drug use, or other inappropriate topics in school or public libraries.
Children who inherit riches are in a sense demotivated and as a result damaging towards society.
choices are integral to modern civilized society
Christianity is not a deception!
Christianity is not a lie!
Christianity is not dishonest!
"Christianity may be a deception but it's not the ""greatest"" one"
Churches are awarded tax exempt status because of their contribution to the public good.
Churches contribute to the public good, which is why they deserve to be tax-exempt.
Churches earn their tax exemption by contributing to the public good
Churches earn their tax exemption by contributing to the public good.
Citizens are better protected in federal states.
Citizens are more likely to become interested in politics and commit to vote if celebrities are more involved in politics.
Citizens have a right to privacy against the government.
Citizens have the right to expect privacy and not be spied on by domestic intelligence agencies.
Citizens of western liberal democracies should never be required to adhere to religious norms that they do not hold
Citizens will benefit from a federal Europe.
Civic duty
Civilians are traumatized and often killed by United States drone strikes.
Civil society is good for economic development
Civil war will result between Irish factions if unity occurs.
Clerical rape of children is, in part, due to the celibacy of priests and must change
Clinton comes off as overconfident.
Clinton does not represent anyone young
Clinton does not represent young Americans
Clinton doesn't represent young people
Clinton often comes across as ambitious and arrogant
Clinton presidency will mean 20 years of two families controlling the USA
Clinton seems prideful and vain.
Cloning projects are cruelty to animals since they have a 90% death rate.
Cloning projects with 90% death rate is cruelty to animals.
College allows students to explore career options.
College and university athletic departments classify golf as a sport.
College degrees do not guarantee learning or job preparation.
College education has a high return as an investment.
College exposes students to a wide  range of experiences and world perspectives.
College exposes students to diverse people and ideas.
College graduates are healthier and live longer.
College graduates are more likely to have health insurance and retirement plans.
College graduates are more productive as members of society.
College graduates attract higher-paying employers to their communities.
College graduates do better financially.
College graduates have lower poverty rates.
College graduates have more and better employment opportunities.
College graduates make more money.
College graduates tend to have healthier, better educated offspring.
College imparts interpersonal skills to students.
College is an investment in health and longevity.
Colleges may be brainwashing their students rather than helping them further their education.
Colleges may be indoctrinating students instead of educating them.
College sports should be for competition not money.
Colleges provide networking value.
College stress can lead to health problems and other negative consequences.
collisions and violence should not be in baseball
Collisions are an example of violence that has no place in baseball.
Collisions are an exciting part of the game
Collisions are an exciting part of the sport.
Collisions are a part of the game.
Collisions are dangerous and lead to injury.
Collisions are exciting and fun to watch.
Collisions are just part of the game of baseball
Collisions are not as dangerous as they’re feared to be.
collisions are not good
Collisions are not necessarily dangerous.
Collisions are unnecessary.
collisions are very dangerous
Collisions happen in baseball and should be left as is.
Collisions in MLB aren't all that bad.
Community action is a more powerful tool than the state for providing goods.
Compensation has the potential to reverse damaged caused by Cultural Appropriation.
compensation is a way to give the communities the credit they deserve
Compensation is important to give the communities credit they deserve.
compensation may be able to reverse damage caused by culture appropriation
Compensation rights a wrong
compulsory studying may remove young people from the workforce
Compulsory studying would be taking young people out of the workforce
Compulsory voting broadens representation of disadvantaged groups
Compulsory Voting Does not enhance democracy
Compulsory voting has been implemented successfully.
Computerized climate models could be misleading when it comes to the predictions of  accelerating human-caused climate change.
Computerized models produce inadequate and incorrect results in predictions of accelerating human-caused climate change.
Concealed carry application requirements and background checks do not prevent dangerous people from acquiring weapons.
Concealed carrying of weapons results in a greater chance of a conflict becoming more intense to the point of death of one party.
Conflicts can be circumvented with nuclear weapons
Congressional earmarks are a check on an excessively powerful executive branch
Congress is one of the checks of the check and balance system that reins in the executive branch.
congress needs term limits to ensure different points of views
Congress would be destabilised without earmarks.
Conscientious objectors would, under the national service, not be treated equitably.
Constriction is not something the military is interested in.
Consumers can be fed lies by companies via food labels.
Consumers do not change their buying habits based on the absence or presence of labels.
Consumers enjoy the reduced number of restarts on the Mac OS X when compared to the latest Windows version
Content creators are suffering from file-sharing.
Continuing the war was draining the countries resources making it necessary to end it by dropping the atomic bombs.
Continuing to gamble will lead to addiction.
Continuing with the Drone Strikes in the United States , would combat any Terrorists Network and plan to attack the country
Contrary to public opinion golf does have a lot more commonalities with other sports than most realize.
Controlling, rather than ignoring, performance enhancing substances will improve competitive standards in sport
Controlling sexuality in family planning is wrong
Convincing is more effective than forcing.
Corporal punishment isn't a good idea when solving social problems.
Cost could be spent on other things
Could lead to vigilante attacks
Could not be tried for all his crimes
Counterintelligence can provide services within a democracy and are the only ones qualified to do it.
Countries have both good and dark sides, and that should be accepted.
countries have to right to self defense with nuclear weapons, even when they lack capacity in conventional weapon
Countries must be willing to accept the darker sides to their past
Countries that lean towards atheism rank highly on prosperity index
Countries with high video game use see less gun violence
Countries with nuclear weapons have the ability to set their own agenda.
Cramming sessions are ineffective in learning material for exams.
Creates a culture of doing enough to pass exams that actually aquiring knowledge
Creates animosity towards religious groups
Creates the perception that fines are like taxes, rather than a punishment
Creates the perception that the rich are not immune to the consequences of their actions
Creating music requires money.
Creationism can't explain the fossil record.
Creationism has been dispproved because of the evidence of fossils.
Creationism has theoretical answers to questions evolution can't answer.
Creationism isn't supported by the scientific community.
Creative commons is not a good option for many government works
Crime groups use think tanks to confuse people.
Crime is reduced when drugs are legalized.
Criminal activity is often hidden by casinos.
Criminal activity often occurs at casinos.
Criminalisation creates more problems than it solves
Criminalisation will not stop radicalisation
Criminals deserve to be punished.
Criminals will be the only group benefited by online privacy.
Cruelty to animals 90% death rate cloning project
Cuba deserves sanctions
Cuba has not demonstrated a willingness to negotiate in good faith with the United States.
Cuba is knows to sponsor terrorism so sanctions are appropriate.
Cuban citizens are paying the price for their government's actions.
Cubans can't join the digital era while under embargo due to lack of electronic access.
Cuba seems reluctant to genuinely engage with the US.
Cuba seems unwilling to negotiate with the US.
Cuba should be subject to sanctions because it is known to have repeatedly supported acts of terrorism.
cultural appropriation damage can potentialy be reversed through compensation
Culture provides no tangible benefit that justifies the use of government funds to preserve it.
Currently the Catholic Chuch focuses on loyalty to the church itself, not those they serve.
Cutting off internet capability is against human rights
Cutting off internet use will not stop file-sharers
Cutting off the internet is the most viable means of stopping piracy.
Cutting web access is the most viable way to stop pirates
cyber-bullying  ubiquitously leads to child solicitation,murder,identity theft and all sorts of other crimes & misdemeanors
Damages the country’s reputation
Data breaches can result in huge amounts of personal data falling into unscrupulous hands
DC is unique and individuals should not have the right to bear arms.
Death-penalized prisoners are obligated to comply with vaccine test medical procedures for the greater good since they have a debt to society they must repay.
Debate: Congressional Earmarks
Decriminalisation will protect practitioners of sadomasochism
Decriminalization will make SM play less dangerous, as people will be able to seek the proper authorities without consequence, if anything goes wrong.
Decriminilisation of drugs will diminish organised crime
Deep ocean currents, not human activity, are a primary driver of natural climate warming and cooling cycles.
Defendants aren't brought to trial unnecessarily because of double jeopardy.
Defending hip hop artists’ right to free speech
Democracies are more likely to be economically successful
Democracies can't mobilize a country as fast as a dictatorship can.
Democracies do better at meeting economic needs.
Democracy acts in the interest of the general population, which is good for development
Democracy by its very nature cannot be imposed.
Democracy denied violates rights of all.
Democracy has been brought to Afghanistan
Democracy is based on the freedom to vote or not.
Democracy is the correct way and everyone needs it.
Democracy lets a country grow naturaly
Democratic rule of law is the best ground for political stability and growth
Depending where you are in the world, some of the rules do appear brutal
Depends on your goals in life.
Despite sometimes numerous hardware issues, Macs continue are better than PCs for many reasons
Development from within
Development occurs when a dictatorship revert into democracy
Devolution has demonstrated the ability of Scots to govern themselves not only as well as Westminster but with more civility
Devolution shows that Scots are more than capable to govern themselves.
Dictatorial regimes can move countries from civil wars toward development.
Dictator’s decisions undermines the people and are unaccountable
Dictators have incentives to promote development and diminish social differences
Dictatorship brings profit to dictators and its clique, but not to the citizens
Dictatorship helps achieve social stability
Dictatorship is a good breeding ground for personal discipline and order
Dictatorship is a threat to diversity and multi ethnicity
Dictatorship outperforms democracy in growth and economic develpment
Dictatorships are more effective than democracies at mobilizing resources for investment.
Dictatorships assure low cost political stability
Dictatorships better control the variables of human development
Dictatorships breed development and liberal democracy.
Dictatorships breed development though efficient and straighfoward decision making
Dictatorships can prevent social unrest
Dictatorships have a flexibility in economic policy that breeds growth
Dictatorships offer political stability by eliminating competition.
Dictatorships regimes can be a path for countries move on from civil wars and focus on development
Dictatorship will stop all path of development in a democratic country
Disadvantage groups are better represented when voting in mandatory.
Disarmament is impossible, rendering efforts to disarm pointless and simply wasteful
Disarmament would actually cause increased insecurity among nations, as there can never be any guarantee that a nation has disarmed
Disarmament would actually cause increased insecurity among nations, it is near impossible to guarantee that a nation has disarmed.
Disarmament would actually cause increased insecurity among nations, you can never really know for sure whether they have disarmed.
Disclosure should be require initially by law.
Dividing Jerusalem would harm Israeli society:
Division would do more harm than good.
Does Yanukovych really qualify for the ICC?
Doing so would limit the costs and uncertainty that come with others
Domestic intelligence agencies cannot be controlled
Domestic intelligence services are the only organization that is capable of performing counterintelligence
Domestic intelligence services lack the oversight to be controlled.
Double jeopardy ensures defendants are not brought to trial on weak grounds
Downloaders spend more on music
Downloads are also big spenders.
Do you think Yanukovych qualifies for the ICC?
Dramatic changes in precipitation, such as heavier storms and less snow, are another sign that humans are causing global climate change.
Driving behaviour has not changed since cameras were introduced
Drone Operators Have a Lower Risk for PTSD than Other Military Personnel.
Drone operators often suffer from psychological and emotional strain.
Drone pilots have a lower risk for post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) than pilots of manned aircraft and other battlefield soldiers.
Drone pilots have lesser chance of getting PTSD than other aircraft pilots.
drones are able to be more focused limiting collateral damage
Drones are acceptable to use under International Law
drones are far more cost effective that whole military units
Drones are less costly than fighting with soldiers
drones can be a more precise weapon
Drones Keep US Military Personnel Safer
Drones kill fewer civilians, as a percentage of total fatalities, than any other military weapon.
Drones make US military personnel safer.
Drones protect our military from enemies
Drones Result in Fewer Civilian Fatalities than Other Weapons.
Drone strikes abroad ensures the safety of foreign countries.
Drone strikes are allowed by local governments who believe it makes their countries more safe.
Drone strikes are a major threat to individuals, both physically and psychologically.
Drone strikes are carried out with the collaboration and encouragement of local governments, and make those countries safer.
Drone Strikes Are Carried Out with the support of Local Governments and Make Those Countries Safer.
Drone strikes are cheaper than engaging in ground or manned aerial combat.
Drone strikes are legal under international law.
Drone Strikes Are Legal under International Law
Drone strikes are legal under US law.
Drone Strikes Are Legal under US Law
Drone strikes are often not targeting high value targets.
Drone strikes are secretive, lack sufficient legal oversight, and prevent citizens from holding their leaders accountable.
Drone strikes are subject to a strict review process and congressional oversight.
Drone strikes can protect foreign countries in collaboration with the local governments.
Drone strikes can't reduce the number of terrorists.
Drone strikes cause a significant amount of localized trauma.
Drone strikes create more terrorists than they kill.
Drone strikes have done serious harm to civilians, partially through promoting emotional terror.
Drone strikes infringe upon the rights of other nations.
Drone strikes kill large numbers of civilians and traumatize local populations.
Drone strikes make the United States safer by decimating terrorist networks across the world.
Drone Strikes Make the United States Safer by Destroying Terrorist Networks Internationally.
Drone strikes may victimize non-threats.
Drone strikes mostly kill low-value targets who are not significant threats to US safety and security.
Drone strikes operations are deemed legal by US law.
Drone strikes target individuals who may not be terrorists or enemy combatants.
Drone strikes tend to increase the membership of terrorist organizations.
Drone strikes tend to only kill low value targets.
Drone strikes violate international law.
Drone strikes violate the sovereignty of other countries.
Drone Use is Cheaper than Engaging in Ground or Manned Aerial Combat
Dropping atomic bombs could have been preferably avoided with peace talks.
Dropping the atomic bombs on Japan was the only way to make them surrender and stop the war.
Drugs are dangerous, and the governement should discourage its use
Drugs are safer when legal
Drugs become safer when they are legalized.
Drugs should be legal for everyone.
Drugs that pass animal tests are not necessarily safe.
Drugs will undermine the central philosophy of sport
Due to physical difference between men and women, it's ok to have some positive discrimination towards women.
Earmarks allow the leaders of political parties to be too powerful.
Earmarks are against our basic principles of fairness.
Earmarks aren't fair to everyone.
Earmarks aren't the best way to spend tax dollars.
Earmarks circumvent the normal legislative processes and erode confidence in government
Earmarks contribute to a loss of confidence in the government.
Earmarks do not accord with democratic principles of equity, fairness and justice
Earmarks do not represent an efficient use of taxpayers' money
Earmarks erode trust in the government
Earmarks give the central leaders of political parties too much leverage.
Earmarks make people suspicious of the government.
Earmarks: The end of congressional pork?
Earmarks transfer too much power to political parties' central leadership
Earmarks waste the taxpayer's money.
Earning a college degree is a major life achievement.
Earning college education is always a worthwhile investment.
Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled, and the 20th century rise in global temperature is within the bounds of natural temperature fluctuations over the past 3,000 years.
Eating shark fin soup actually damages human health.
Economic and social protections prevent the exploitation of migrants.
Economic and social rights will protect migration from potential exploitation.
Economic benefits of ending sanctions
economic developement can be benefited by civil society
Economic gains can be seen for EU members when the union continues to expand.
Economic hardship would follow a public place smoking ban
Economic punishment is what Cuba should be subject to
Education that is forced does little.
Electorate is not motivated
Eliminating earmarks will help save tax dollars.
Eliminating pennies would save time at the point of purchase without hurting customers or businesses financially
Employers are attracted to locales with college graduates.
Empty seats
Encourages a single community
Encourages binge drinking and bullying
Encouraging extremist movement is definitely harmful.
Encouraging film entrepreneurs
Ending the embargo before the Cuban government meets the conditions specified by US law would make the United States look weak.
Enforcement is important for others to value the ICC organization.
England should have a representative parliament.
England should have representation through a parliament.
English Devolution is a necessary step in ensuring English issues are dealt with
English is not a problem for Puerto Rican statehood
Enlarging the EU could cause controversy.
Enlarging the EU could potentially cause financial problems for all involved.
Enlarging the EU will have a more negative impact between its members.
Enrolling in national service teaches young people valuable skills.
Ensuring the protection of migrants would be a winning situation for all economies.
Epitomising rising Africa
Eritrea is surrounded by hostile nations
Establishing the borders as they were  prior to 1967 would cease violence in Israel.
EU expansion could wreak havoc between its members.
EU expansion is good for current members economically.
EU expansion is good for current members politically.
EU expansion is positive for the economic health of its members.
EU expansion is right.
Europe is stronger if federal.
Even a sham election demonstrates what the people want
Even if there is justification to launch a coup against the government, having the army ruling after that could be worse.
Even if we did think that animals were less intelligent than humans beings they should be protected by rights
Even if you are really athletic does not mean you will do well at golf.
Even in societies with a state, anarchist groups provide a voice for the oppressed.
even left side leaders have accepted capitalism pirnciples and have given up on socialism as a creed
Even people with broken limbs can play golf, which makes it not a real sport.
Even sites that appeared innocent have had a devastating effect on society.
Even the leaders of the Left have given up on Socialism as a creed and have now accepted the vast majority of modern Capitalist principles
Even the left fielders are now accepting capitalist principles over socialism in term of real way of life
Even the most innocent of entertainment using animals harms the animals.
Eventually Antarctica will be be exploited for its resources, but will we be prepared to do it carefully?
Every country, including the United States, has a sovereign right to defend itself with every available means necessary
every nation has a right to their dead war heroes
Every nation should be allowed to respect its war dead
Everyone deserves a right to privacy
everyone deserves free speech
Everyone, even extremists, deserve their freedom of expression protected
Everyone is treated the same when there is mandatory sentencing.
Every one running for office must show their tax returns
Everyone wants to avoid an Arms Race, and an invasion could trigger just that outcome.
Every sovereign nation has the right to defend itself by all means necessary
Evolution cannot answer irreducible complexity like Creationism can.
Evolution does not explain morals or guidelines to a way of life.
Evolution has taken away the stories that create morals and meaning to many people.
Evolution undermines meaning and morality
Exaggeration by the media hurts the situation more than helping it along
Exempting churches from taxation costs the government billions of dollars in lost revenue, which it cannot afford, especially in tough economic times.
Existing contributive inequalities within the Union would be amplified by a formal federal system
Existing methods of disciplining and controlling candidates are ineffective.
Existing states are responsible for the destruction of indigenous populations and their societies, and thereby have an obligation to help reverse the effects of their actions
Exit polls have been shown to be the only accurate predictor of races.
Expansion furthers EU ideals.
Expansion will create conflicts of interest between members.
Expansion would be unpopular.
Experts believe golf does not require enough physical fitness to be considered a sport.
Exploiting Antartica for its resources must be done with careful planning, organization and care for the land.
Extreme measures for illegal downloaders won't stop file-sharing
Extreme weathers events are caused by nature, not human activity.
Extremist movements are harmful and should not be encouraged.
Extremist should not be allowed to use internet
Fake elections are still a demonstration of the peoples desires.
Families are indirectly effected by online gambling.
Families are negatively impacted by the presence of a gambler.
Family life will be strengthened during a shared day of Sabbath
Family planning is wrong: controlling sexuality
Family planning needs the input of men to be successful
Farming of animals causes suffering and is wrong.
Federal governments often extend their powers and usurp local authority, especially if one or more federal units are disproportionately powerful.
Federalism holds massive corporations accountable.
Federal states are better able to protect their citizens.
Federal states are economically stronger
Federal States often have persistent losers.
Federal United States are better off economically.
Federer has a great tennis record.
Federer has a record that will be hard to beat.
Federer has won 17 grand slams.
Federer has won many games which is very hard for peopple to do.
Federer is one of the best tennis players of all time.
Federer is the Greatest EVER!
Female rights are more likely to be respected by Atheists.
Female role models are needed urgently to raise aspirations among young women and change parliamentary practices
Female role models need to give hope to the desires of young women and change parliamentary practices.
Female role models need to help young women achieve higher aspiration to change parliamentary practices.
fewer troops are exposed to dangers when drones are employed
Fighting at the professional level sets a bad example for kids.
Fighting bulls have a better quality of life than meat-producing bulls
Fighting draws fans and increases the game's entertainment value.
Fighting in hockey can promote violence
Fighting in hockey glorifies violence.
Fighting in hockey leads to concussions, mental health problems, and death.
Fighting is a hockey tradition that exists in the official rules and as an unwritten code among players.
Fighting terrorism
File-sharing will still happen, despite these plans
Filtering hate speech will keep it out of the mainstream and out of our lives.
Finances are need to support influxes of immigrants.
Financial assistance is not the government’s duty
Financial dealings can indicate candidates’ willingness to circumvent the system/play by the rules
Financial dealings can tell a candidates' willingness to circumvent the system/play by the rules.
Financial records are personal, not political, issues.
Fines should be according to crime, not income.
First dimenson of power
Fixating on candidates’ financial records fuels the fire of class war
Flogging will be over-utilised, rehabilitation will be under-utilised
Food labeling allows companies to deceive consumers
Food labeling does not change consumer behavior
Food labeling encourages food companies to provide food more in tune with consumer values
Food labeling helps people make better choices regarding their food
Food labeling introduces unfair prejudice against certain products
Food labeling is an important form of consumer protection
Food labels encourage bias against certain types of products.
Forced education achieves little
Forced Education Achieves Little
For China, North Korea is a current nuisance and a future threat.
Forcing candidates to post their full financial history violates their privacy.
For consumers demanding a performance computer, Macs are the obvious choice
Foreign Direct Investment to the continent has increased
Formal federalism creates extra inequalities.
For some people music making is a profession, and they have families to support.
France was asked to intervene by Mali’s government
Free distribution of music hinders creativity.
Freedom of expression is a right guaranteed to all, and reducing or eliminating those freedoms is never acceptable.
freedom of privacy is in jeopardy.
freedom of privacy is in serious trouble.
freedom of privacy is threatened
Freedoms are not earned or deserved they are given to all people equally and no one should determine which agendas are too extreme to receive this protection.
Freeing the executive from re-election concerns can help focus attention on the public interest
Free museums encourage attendance
Free music throttles (strangles) freedom of artistic expression
Free trade in lieu of embargo can promote Cuban democracy.
Free trade, not the isolation of an embargo, can promote democracy in Cuba.
French interests
From a political standpoint, it is to the EU's member's benefit to continue to expand.
Funding for museums is wasteful
Further protections are required to grant migrants full human rights.
Gaining a college education is money well spent.
Gambling has a severe negative impact on families.
Gambling is addictive.
Gambling is addictive and psychologically harmful
Gambling is associated with other forms of addiction and harmful behaviour
Gambling is bad for you.
Gambling is damaging to the psyche and addictive.
Gambling is not good for someone like you.
Gambling is often only one of a number of addictions and harmful behaviors displayed by an individual.
Gambling is simply a leisure pursuit
Gambling is too popular to ban entirely.
Gambling leads to the disintegration of families
Games can benefit from correct calls thanks to instant replay.
Genetic modification is inevitable and can only be beneficial in good hands
Genetic screening may lead the marginalisation of those living with genetic disorders
Genetic testing ensures the best quality of life for children vulnerable to heritable diseases
Getting countries should not and can't remain to moreover anchor drifters since they consistently free ride on prosperity, guidance, and welfare structures
Getting nations ought not and can't stand to additionally secure transients since they regularly free ride on wellbeing, instruction, and welfare frameworks.
Getting rid of earmarks will cut down on government waste.
Give a choice, all rational individuals would prefer to live in a world in which behaviour prefered the choice to sacrifice one to save many
Giving massive wealth to children would demotivate them and make them less productive for society.
Giving politicians’ immunity from prosecution allows them to focus on performing their duties
Giving transport workers the right to go on strike is good for the users
Glaciers grow and recede by nature. Humans aren't responsible for it.
Glaciers have been growing and receding for thousands of years due to natural causes, not human activity.
Globalisation has made socialism impractical to implement
Global warming and cooling are primarily caused by fluctuations in the sun's heat (solar forcing), not by human activity.
Global warming caused by human-produced greenhouse gases is causing the Arctic ice cap to melt at an increasing rate.
God is a concept dreamed up by optimistic people.
'God' is merely a concept designed to promote a set of values
God teaches forgiveness and love: an idea universally agreed upon as good.
Going to college provides many opportunities to network.
Golf better matches the definition of a game than a sport.
Golf does not have the physical rigors that sports do.
Golf has many more commonalities with other sports.
Golf involves competition, keeping score, and declaring a winner, but those qualities alone do not make it a sport.
Golf involves many elements of competition, but that does not make it a sport.
Golf is categorized as a sport according the definitions found in many dictionaries
Golf is not a sport because you can play it without breaking a sweat and while you are drunk.
Golf is not physically demanding enough to be a sport.
Golf is one of dozens of independent sports like running or swimming.
Golf is the match to a game more than a match to a sport.
Golf is unlike sports in which rigorous physical activities are required.
"Golf meets the definition of the word ""sport"" found in many dictionaries. "
Government has more resources
Government interference is not necessary to preserve culture
Government is better organized
Government is fundamentally unsuited to running pension schemes.
Government officials only oppose online gambling because it is not taxed.
Government only objects to online gambling because they dont benefit
Government pension schemes are not a viable or sustainable option.
Government's duty to remedy a social problem
Governments have a moral duty to protect its citizens from harmful sites.
Governments in countries where terrorism is prevalent should allocate tax dollars to a pool to compensate nations that have been victims.
Government sponsored domestic intelligence cannot be allowed to spy on citizens.
Government tends not to like creative commons.
Government was required to drive through major changes such as drives for equality within society, universal education, and preservation of the environment. Mostly in the teeth of big business
Graduating from college can keep poverty at bay.
Graduating from college increases employment opportunities.
Graduating from college increases the likelihood of having health insurance and a retirement plan.
Granting migrants right hurts the economy and employment.
Greater Access to Technology
Gun violence is less prevalent in countries with high video game use.
Hand Guns Are Required For Self Defence.
Handguns are uniquely dangerous when compared with other weapons
Harmful speech needs to be filtered
Harming animals for entertainment is immoral
Harming animals is a bad thing.
Have a standing army that is ready for action could be used in society right now.
Have your say
Having a new leader allow new ideas and thoughts in the office.
Having children is our duty and responsibility
Having children makes you a better citizens
Having elections is beneficial to the end result of democracy.
Having no elections is honest
Having term limits on some leaders, puts too much power in the hands of non-limited officials.
Having too much money prevents you from growing spiritually.
Having won the economic argument during the Reagan years – both with Russia and the Democratic Party – the Republicans now address social concerns and do so with a consistent message.
Health and longevity are associated with graduating from a college.
heat at events hurts sporting fans
heat can hurt people
heat can hurt the health of a player
heat is not good for sports
Heat will damage player's health
He has a losing record against Rafael Nadal. How can you be the best of all time if you're not even the best of your own era?
He has dominated like no one else before
He has just won Wimbledon 2012 (17th grand slam) and gone back to number 1 again
He has not won The Grand Slam, the single greatest, and most difficult, feat in tennis.
He is the all-time career money leader
Help should only be provided to those that want it, and individuals should be able to choose if they want to help or not.
Helps small businesses
Help to small businesses.
High schools that allow military recruiters on campus will allow the school to receive state funding.
Hillary can face up to the Republicans better
Hillary Clinton does not connect with young United State's citizens.
Hillary Clinton does not empower or interest the young in America.
Hillary Clinton would have stood up to the banking industry whereas Barack Obama has not.
Hillary has far more experience than Obama
Hillary has the better team
hip hop artists have a right to free speech
Historical evidence has shown that privatisation has been unsuccessful
Historical facts can be established to a sufficient degree to be taught to schoolchildren
History has proven that exit poll is the only effective poll.
History has shown that western European involvement would not be beneficial to Africa.
History is a good thing to teach to schoolchildren if taught the right way,
history is an important subject
History is a useful subject because it teaches useful skills.
History is something that people need to know.
History lessons can be used as state-sponsored propaganda, distorting the events of the past
History offers knowledge that coincides with other subjects
history repeats itself if not known
History should always have a place in the schoolroom because it is vital to an understanding of why things are the way they are.
History should be taught to school-children, they form an integral part of understanding oneself and one's nation
History suggests that exit polls are the only reliable predictor.
History teaches useful skills applicable in other areas of education and life
History teaching will reflect the erroneous preconceptions and aims of those who set the curriculum
Hockey fights can glorify violence
Hold politicians to account
Home is where Yanukovych should be tried.
Homework allows parents to be involved with their child's learning
Homework allows students to explore and learn beyond the instruction they are given in the classroom.
Homework can get parents involved
Homework disadvantages low-income students
Homework doesn't help low-income students succeed.
Homework ensures that students practise what they are taught at school
Homework has little educational worth, and therefore is a waste of students' time
Homework helps involve parents
Homework helps parents understand what their children are learning.
Homework helps to reinforce learning and develop good study habits and life skills
Homework improves student achievement
Homework is an essential part of education, allowing students to learn information beyond that which they are taught at school.
Homework is beneficial because of parent/child involvement
Homework is crucial to a well rounded education as it is the means by which students are encouraged to learn beyond the school curriculum.
Homework is good for learning
homework is good for students
Homework is good to create study habits
Homework provides a link between child, school and the home
Homework puts students off learning
Homework teaches good habits and responsibility
Honouring war criminals is wrong
Hopeful endings are important for morale
Hostage situations hurt the country's tourism industry
Hosting the Olympic Games for the first time can be historic for a nation.
Hosting the Olympics can be more trouble than it's worth for those who live there.
How can this be a free Canada, if our right to smoke in public is taken away?
how do we carry our shipping?
How this plan will make extremist organizations weaker.
Human-caused global warming is changing weather systems and making heat waves and droughts more intense and more frequent.
Human development indicators have significantly improved in recent years.
Humanitarian intervention becomes impossible in states that possess nuclear weapons
Humanitarian missions would not be possible in states that have nuclear weapons.
Human rights are infringed if internet use is removed
Humans need meat in their diet
Humans need to consume meat.
Humans need to eat meat.
Humans should be allowed to eat animals.
Humans ultimately devalue their own lives when using animals as objects of sport.
Human understanding can help animals
Hurting animals for fun is immoral
ICC enforcement and international criminal justice are valuable to each other.
ICC enforcement would create resentment
If a high school is accepting state funding, the should allow military recruiters in schools at least once per year.
If an activity does not make you break a sweat, or if it can be done while drinking and smoking, then it is not a sport.
If a single leader sits on the throne for too long, it's more likely for the leader to exploit his or her power.
If Europe went federal, they would have a larger international impact
If humans are like animals they should be able to eat them
If I choose to go somewhere, I should be allowed to smoke there.
If it should come to it, the Scottish people would not vote for independence.
If it wasn't for the various interests and demands. it wouldn't be so hard on achieving a UNSC reform.
If people are forced to vote, they will not have the information needed to vote intelligently.
If politicians are less worried about prosecution, they may be more inclined to do more
If priests were not forced to be celibate, the issue of child rate would not be as widespread.
If sanctions were lifted trade benefits would flow to all parties to trade.
If Scotland were independent then it would have more power in important areas.
If state-funded, there is little incentive to increase numbers of visitors
If taught properly, historical facts can be taught to schoolchildren without problems.
If the demand for shark fins is reduced then the killing will be reduced.
If the Government could receive tax dollars on online gambling, they would support it.
If the ICC could do its own enforcement it would cause resentment.
If the move were to occur now there would be a lack of fairness to the other bidders.
If there is a god, its the sun.
If there is hope at the end, it boost morale.
If there is no shortage of money, then immigrants will be accepted and treated better.
If there's no term limit, the leader will likely exploit his power to personal advantages by staying too long in the office.
If the US does not act on Iran, Israel will
If the US withdraws from Article 98 other countries would not respect the US.
If we change violent music, we can end the violence in society.
If we want Parliament to be truly representative of our society, we must use positive discrimination to increase the number of female members
If you ban one thing, you have to ban lots of things.
If you can compete in a professional tournament with a broken leg, it is not a sport.
If you can compete in golf with a handicap, then it is not a sport.
If you want political minorities to be more engaged, open primaries can help with that.
Illegal downloaders are breaking the law and deserve punishment.
Illegal file-sharers should not be punished by cutting off their internet use
Immoral crimes were committed by Yanukovych.
Immunity creates a perverse incentive to hang on to their office as long as possible.
Immunity for politicians hurts the image of their office
Immunity for politicians is an unjust double standard
Immunity from prosecution allows politicians more freedom to do what they think is right in their office
Imposing a ban on earmarking will destabilise congrerss
Imposing democracy can be a way to support individuals unable to fight for democracy themselves.
Imposing dictatorship will be a threat to diversity and multi ethnicity.
Improved car and medical technology save lives, cameras do not
In a civilised society, there should be plenty of choice
In addition to our first argument: There is no legal bar on the purchase of alcoholic drink and cigarettes, though both are often addictive
In addition to our fourth argument: Decriminilisation of drugs will diminish organised crime
In addition to our third argument:  Individuals should be free to do whatever they like with themselves as long as this harms no one else
In a democratic society, even religious norms can be questioned.
Incentive in form of profit benefits society as a whole
Increased hurricane activity and other extreme weather events are a result of natural weather patterns, not human-caused climate change.
Increasing voter engagement
Independence would give Scotland clout where it matters
Indigenous culture brings things to the table that are of benefit to society.
INDIVIDUAL HEDONISM NOT ALWAYS POSITIVE FOR SOCIETY/INDIVIDUALS THEMSELVES.
Individual players lives will be enhanced if head injuries can be reduced through use of technology.
Individuals have a right to privacy, including to their own financial records
Individuals may have no choice
Individuals should be free to do whatever they like with themselves as long as this harms no one else
Individuals should help everyone.
Individuals Should Not Have the Right to Bear Arms in DC
Individuals who should not own weapons are not prevented from purchasing them despite the requirements and background investigations of concealed carry applications
Individual targeting undermines market and political fairness
information gathered can be used to fight against radical terrorists.
information gathered  can be used to fight terrorism .
information gathered used to fight terrorism
Infringement of human rights
Inheritance tax is too high and should be lowered.
Inherited wealth can advance rich children in some professions and this can exclude poorer children.
Inherited wealth demotivates the recipients so that they put less effort into training, education and social skills.
In order to change parliamentary practices it is urgent to have female role models to raise aspirations among young women.
In order to continue to protect itself effectively, the United States must upgrade the effectiveness of its atomic weapons program.
In order to develop quickly, a dictator must be in power to sped things up.
In order to maintan a well funcitoning society, the government has a right to restrict violent games which could hurt people.
In order to make healthy food choices, it is important that foods are labeled.
In order to protect consumers, it is important to correctly label food products.
In reality, the United States is an empire, not a hegemon.
In recent times, there are significant numbers of unemployed and underemployed college graduates.
In security too much transparency endangers lives
In some cases freedom of speech should be limited to protect a nation's security.
In some circumstances, bribery is absolutely necessary.
In some instances it may be better to not have term limits if there is a good leader at the time
Instant replay allows the proper rules to be put in place in the MLB.
Instant replay drags ut calls most umpires can make already.
Instant replay is not beneficial to the game
Instant replay might be deceptive or inconclusive
Instant replay should not be used during baseball games
Instant replay supports the goal of making accurate calls
Instant replay will actually enhance umpires’ stature
Instant replay will make long MLB games even longer.
Instant replay will make play caling easier on umpires.
Instant replay will take the human element out of baseball
Instant replay will take too long
Instead of embargo, free trade will promote democracy in Cuba.
"Insurance of vagrants causes ""cerebrum deplete,"" which further harms the economies of source nations."
Intelligence agencies exaggerate the nature of threats.
Intelligence agencies inflate threats.
Intelligence agencies operating domestically are unable to be controlled.
Intelligence agencies provide safety to those living in a democracy.
Intelligence agencies use hyperbole when describing threats.
Intelligence is necessary for the safety of the public.
International law is violated by drone strikes.
International laws are violated by drone strikes.
International law supports dividing Jerusalem
International level: Anglo-German Alliance possibility
International level: Anglo Russian Competition
International Terrorist Networks can be destroyed by having Drone Strikes in the United States.
Internet access as a new human right.
Internet access is a commodity not a human right.
Internet access is a necessary part of the right to freedom of information and expression.
Internet access is an enabler of rights not a right in itself.
Internet censorship a violation of freedom of speech
Internet Content must not be Censored because we are a country of free speech!
Internet governance is necessary to combat heinous crimes committed via the internet
Internet Nazis must be censored!
Internet privacy only helps criminals.
Internet regjulation is a euphemism for censorship
Internet regulation is an attempt by big interest groups to regulate the internet in their favour
Internet regulation is necessary to ensure a safe internet
In the case of paparazzi lives are put at risk
In the decade since its formation, the ICC has only one successful conviction
In the event of major abuses of power it should be the public that holds politicians to account.
In the future, the economy will rely on those with more education.
In the past we have oppressed native peoples and we must learn from that so we do not do it again.
In the West, religious symbols create division.
Intiution explains the reason why the decision to kill is viewed as wrong ,as a general principle.
Introducing chess would preserve the spirit of the ancient Olympic Games
Intuitively, it is possible to understand that participating in a decision to kill is a priori wrong
Investigations alone by the ICC deter crimes.
Investigations by the ICC deter potential criminals.
In view of the continuous public shooting , carrying a concealed handgun by adults can stop such shooting spree
Involving men is the best way to ensure family planning works
Iran has Israel targeted.
[Iran specific] Iran has threatened to destroy Israel
[Iran specific] Others, particularly Israel, would act if the United States did not
Iraq, five British hostages and a compiracy theory about embezzled funds is unchecked propaganda: That damages the host Country's reputation and thus economy . And only a small group of people made larger than life, by the media are to blame.
Irrational leaders make the possession of nuclear weapons dangerous
Islamophobic panic and excessive security would be sanctioned by this action.
Is not even the best in his current generation
Is not worth the price
Israel will be peaceful if its borders were changed as they were before 1967.
Is the unpopularity of EU expansion worth its further enlargement?
It adds to sports value
It assisted mom-and-pop shops
It can be self-serving for intelligence agencies to over exaggerate threats.
It creates stereotypes and tensions within society
It currently promotes loyalty to the institution not the laity
It does not address the underlying issues
It does not focus on moral condemnation of the couple but of passion of love
It has been proved that the use of Drone to combat enemy activity has resulted in fewer casualties amongst the civilian population as compared to the usage of other weapons
It if fine to eat animals.
It is a big problem, too many people are file-sharing
It is acceptable to infringe on the rights of criminals sentenced to the death penalty in order to save massive quantity of human life and preserve the continuity of the human race.
It is a good idea to have military recruitment at schools to give students more opportunities.
It is a humanitarian intervention
It is an honour for the host city and provides global recognition
It is appropriate for the veto power to remain in place.
It is a waste of time to cram for exams.
It is better protection when others are also sharing some of that responsibility
It is cheaper to use drones rather than send soldiers
It is dangerous to censor art.
It is difficult for someone to stop gambling and it harms an individual psychologically.
It is difficult to ascertain at a glance which websites are harmful.
It is difficult to monitor the area as it increases in size
It is easier for people to make healthier food choices when foods are labeled.
It is exciting to watch a collision
It is far too expensive.
It is hard to apportion blame
It is immoral to use the threat of nuclear annihilation in order to achieve foreign policy aims
it is immportant for the communities to get the credit they deserve through compensation
It is impossible to effectively ban gambling
It is Men, Not Women, who are Disadvantaged in our Society
it is more rewarding to win the Champions League than other leagues.
It is natural for glaciers to grow and recede, which does not necessarily have to do with human activities.
It is necessary to have private universities to give students more places to go.
It is not democratic for some votes to be worth more than others.
It is not immoral to eat animals.
It is not moral to hurt animals for entertainment
It is not neccesary for think tanks to know who funds them.
It is not possible to harmlessly have animals as entertainment
It is not possible to meaningfully consent to sadomasochistic sex
It is not realistic to expect a ban of violent music
It is not required to bomb large cities.
It is not right to ban smoking.
It isn't christianity that's the deception, organised religion is!
It isn't necessary to ban smoking.
It is okay for humans to eat animals.
it is our best interest to have term limits for diversity
It is our mission to have children
It is possible for research sites to accurately portray public opinion; YouGov is an example of this.
It is proper that the EU continues to expand.
It is right to treated women differently than men in some cases.
It is the best time to start planning your year.
It is the duty of every citizen to vote.
It is the duty of the state to avoid using corporal punishment when they need to solve social problems.
It is the right thing for the EU to expand.
It is time we saw our first woman president
It is too difficult to control domestic intelligence services.
It is unacceptable to live in a world where killing is ever justified, no matter how many lives it may save.
It is unfair to penalize a higher income with a larger fine.
It is unjust for a government to coerce its citizens
It is unreasonable to expect that compulsory voting could be financed and verified.
It is very difficult to intercede in humanitarian crises in states wherein nuclear weapons are present.
It is well know that people that download also purchase the most.
It makes it more difficult for extremists to organize and spread their message when blocked
It may at some point be desirable to keep around a certain executive longer than terms decide
It Protects Those Vulnerable to Exploitation
It's a bad idea to ban smoking.
It's a good idea to teach history since kids can learn useful skills they can use throughout their lives.
It's a major part of the game.
It's a model that works
It  sanctions and encourages 'Islamophobic' panics and promotes the excessive 'securitisation' of the globe
It's best for government not to use creative commons as an option.
It's better than income tax
It's conceivable that the wrong people will have the weapons.
It should be reflected in the increase in Security Council members that there is a rise in UN membership.
It's none of your business
It's not necessary to ban smoking.
It’s not possible to get every call right, so instant replay is a necessary supplement to umpires’ skill
It's possible to manipulate open primaries.
It's ridiculous to abolish a good service based on inability to afford.
It stands to reason that prisoner rights and public rights are unequal
It's very costly to store nuclear waste underground.
It's wrong to send someone back to their own country.
It Takes Money To Make Music
It was dead from the time Stalin took control
It was helpful to entrepreneurs.
It was illegal to drop the bombs as they were.
It was not necessary to use atomic weapons on a population centre
It will cause more people to become interested in politics
It will cost a fortune and be difficult to implement
It will inspire children into politics
It will reduce the power of special interest groups
It would be appropriate for Chess to become an Olympic sport.
It would be better for the US if Puerto Rico does not become a state.
It would be divisive.
It would be easier to protect the rights of religious minorities within a united Ireland
It would be easy to apply restrictions on music.
It would be extremely difficult to police and finance mandatory voting.
It would be highly impractical to ban this music glorifying violence.
It would be letting the terrorists win
It would be nice if everyone would help those in need but it cant't be forced and people have to make those decisions on their own.
It would be unfair to the other bidders for it to be moved now.
It would be very expensive to implement an ICC enforcement arm.
It would cause interference as concerning other competitions.
It would cause racial dissension
It would create instability and logistical problems
It would create interference where other competitions are concerned.
It would encourage the viewing of women as helpless victims if this type of music was banned.
It would give England recognition and representation
It would have unintended consequences
It would Interfere with other competitions
It would mean there would be less costs spent on uncertainties
It would not be at all practical to ban music glorifying violence.
It wouldn't be just to move now for the other bidders.
Judicial and Penal reform is needed
Just as electricity is not a human right, the internet, another commodity, is not a human right.
Just as with other parties around the world, once the dominant argument of a political party proves to be a busted flush it takes about a decade to recover
Just because an election is fake does not mean it will not have an impact.
Kenya can prosecute these crimes itself
Kids need time to do many different kinds of activities.
Kids regardless of gender should be taught in school together.
Killing is worse than letting someone die
Killing of sharks will be decreased if the demand for shark fins is reduced.
Killing sharks in moderations by way of quotas allows shark fin soup trade to continue.
Killing sharks in moderation through quotas would allow the shark fin soup trade to continue.
Lack of scientific understanding
Lack of serious competition
Lack of trust
lasting peace can be achieved through negotiation
Laver has a record that is hard to match.
Learning and education is always a good investment.
Learning a trade profession is a better option than college for many young adults.
Learning is always worthwhile.
Learning will always pay off.
Leaving EU would weaken UK security.
Leaving the EU means leaving the instability that was there
Leaving the EU will mean the UK will have less regional influence
Leaving the EU would mean leaving their security services too
Leaving will mean less communication with other security services
Legal drugs are safer.
Legalisation reduces crime
Legally requiring disclosure from all benefits think tanks
Lenin and Stalin the real destroyers of the USSR for destroying Socialism’s Appeal
Less need for homework.
Lessons would feel less broken.
Liberal societies have a duty to minimise avoidable suffering that might affect their members
Libertarianism is a movement led by people who have no ideas on how to fix things, but criticize those that do.
Libertarianism is really a coalition of the unwilling; the fringes of the left and right, happy to criticize but without a single policy on which they can agree
Libertarianism only works – even in theory – if you start off with a level pl
Libertarians have no policy ideas, but still want to be able to criticize others.
Libertarians want a world where everyone fends for themselves.
Libertarians would return society to a state of nature where ‘life is cruel, bloody and short’.
Liberty to decide what you want is good and because pre-nuptial agreements can be considered rational decisions
Life after death is strongly stated in the bible.
Life is ridiculous without a God.  Belief in God is the only sane thing we discuss.
Life on other planets remains unproven.
Lifting the embargo would put pressure on Cuba to address problems that it had previously blamed on US sanctions.
Limiting communication of extremists can cripple their threatening agendas.
Little is accomplished when education is forced.
Lives can be endangered if there is too much transparency
living beings have basic rights
Living standards decline and is just one example of the cons of offshore outsourcing.
Lobbyists will increase their activity if open primaries exist.
Local economies receive no benefits from oil company offshore drilling.
Local governments allow the US to use drones to make their countries safer.
Longer terms for Politicians could lead to unfairness in governing
Long sessions of cramming are totally inefficient
Losers abound in federal states.
Losing individual liberties leads to dangerous times.
Loss of Privacy
Lower crime rates and fewer deaths result when handguns are banned in a city.
Lower healthcare costs
Low-income students are at a disadvantage when it comes to homework.
Mac OS X restart less
Macs are gaining Market shares because of their cross platform compatibility with phones, home devices, and more
Macs are gaining traction in the market over PCs as consumers demand more integration between smartphones, computers, and smart home devices
Macs are more intuitive and user-friendly
Macs are more performance than pc's
Macs are more secure
Macs are plagued with hardware issues
Macs are so much easier to use
Macs can right click
Macs continue to gain Market share in all sectors
Macs don;t get hacked too often
Macs have better security systems
Mac users prefer the quick startup time and fewer restarts on Mac OS X over long boot times of PCs
Maintaining a widely-reviled embargo damages the US's diplomatic reputation.
Majority of states are still undemocratic
Major League Baseball should expand instant replay for more accurate calls.
Makes history more useful, more human, and more interesting
Making laws against shark's fin soup will just put it on the black market.
Making music costs money.
Making Puerto Rico a state is not a good economic decision for the US.
Making university education compulsory would take young people out of the workforce.
Mandatory minimum sentences make juries reluctant to convict guilty defendants.
Mandatory minimum sentences remove undue judicial discretion.
Mandatory minimum sentencing can be designed to avoid injustices.
Mandatory sentencing ensures equal treatment.
Mandatory sentencing gives prosecutors undue power.
Mandatory sentencing increases consistency in the justice system.
Many college graduates are employed in jobs that do not require college degrees.
Many communities benefit from the income from casinos.
many companies get accurate results without testing on animals
Many drone operators have emotional and psychological stress.
Many of the American adults are in favour of carrying concealed handguns
Many people succeed without college degrees.
Many people with college degrees find themselves working in positions in which their degrees are not a requirement.
Many plays don’t lend themselves to video review
Many recent college graduates are un- or underemployed.
McCain's Economic Adviser Says Earmarks Erode Public Trust
Media revenue would be harmed by a winter cup.
Medical breakthroughs can be achieved without doing any scientific or commercial experiment on animals
Medical breakthroughs involving animal research may still have been made without the use of animals.
Meeting emission targets should be set by individual states
Member states will reap the benefits of a federal Europe.
Men's involvement in family planning is the most important aspect
Mental health can impact on physical health
Mental stimulation and physical exercise need to have the proper balance in children.
Migrants are protected by economic and social regulations.
Migrants ought to have a right to family reunification.
Migrants rights hurts the labor powers in the receiving countries, and have a negative impact on society.
"Migrants rights incur economy cost and ""brain drain"" in the receiving countries. "
Migrants should have their rights to their families being together upheld.
Migrants will negatively impact the economy and employment of the receiving countries.
Migration policy should be crafted on a state-by-state basis, allowing countries to protect their national identities.
Military recruiters decieve children about the risks of a military career, tempting them into a career they would not choose with honest information.
Military recruiters downplay the risks of a military career, tempting schoolchildren into a career they would not have chosen with honest information.
Military recruitment in schools is less education than propaganda
Military recruitment in schools is more propaganda than education.
Military recruitment in schools provides more propaganda than it does education.
Mind sports are some of the world's oldest and most contested competitive sports.
Mind sports have been around for centuries and are competitive.
Mind sports is the oldest and most highly competitive sports.
Minimum mandatory sentences are harmful.
Minimum mandatory sentences are unfair.
Minimum mandatory sentences are unjust.
Minimum mandatory sentences reduce the chance of rehabilitation.
Minimum sentences increase the effectiveness of incapacitation.
MMA is Human Cock Fighting
Moderate, non-partisan politics are promoted by open primaries.
Modern teenagers do not relate to Shakespearian plays
monetary pursuits outside of professional winnings take a players' attention off the game,close friends & family and their own health.
Money adds value to sports.
Money is intrinsic to political speech.
Money stifles, it does not advance debate.
More and more college educated people are accepting jobs for which they do not need a college education.
More and more jobs require college degrees.
More education brings more opportunities
More Education Brings More Opportunities
More jobs only hire those with college degrees.
More parity is necessary between corporations and the regular individuals.
More people participate.
More people will take drugs if they are legal
More school children would be a hardship on the government.
More tax money would be nice
More than one thousand scientists disagree that human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change.
Most animals can suffer more than some people
Most animals that are used in scientific testing have better lives.
Most of the world opposes the embargo, and maintaining it is detrimental to the reputation of the United States among the international community.
Most people already get it for free already.
Most people are confused by open primaries.
Most people in the U.S. support the use of drone strikes.
Most US citizens approve of military drones.
Moves toward federalism will endanger the stability of the EU
Moving now would be unfair to the other bidders
Much of the complexity of life cannot be explained by evolution, but is perfectly explained by Creationism.
Murdoch excels at sensational headlines making for effective sales.
Murdoch is effective at selling news
Murdoch is effective at selling news to the masses, sadly because of his lack of morals.
Murdoch is morally unfit to run a powerful media company.
Murdoch is unfit to run a company where morals need to matter.
Museum charges can be offset by government funding
Museums are a crucial source of inspiration and education
Museums are a necessary part of a society's understanding of culture and edification.
Museums are critical to the motivations as well as the education of a society as a whole.
Museums exist as an archive of our shared experiences and history, and as such, should grant access to all without charge.
Museums preserve and display our heritage and therefore should be accessible to all of the public free of charge
Music about violence against women  doesn't help the perception of women
Music can be obtained freely.
Music depicting violence against women discourages respect of women in men and women.
Music depicting violence against women encourages men (and women) not to respect women.
Music depicting violence to women causes and sustains the cycle of violence.
music that glorifies crime needs to be banned
music that glorifies crime should be banned
My strong belief is that Heaven and Hell exist.
My vote does not count
My vote is not helpful.
National level: Both Britain and Russia overstretched
National level: German policies could derail an agreement
National security is something that must be protected even at the cost of
National service binds society together
National service brings communities together.
National service could be offset against student loans
National service ensures that people and society are more connected to one another.
National service is expensive and hard to follow through on.
National services are difficult, and hard to get going.
National services bring people together.
National service teaches young people valuable skills
National service would lead to unfair treatment of conscientious objectors
National service would lead to unfair treatment of people with different opinions.
National sovereignty is dependent on Article 98.
NATO countries have citizens who are weary of the war so they would welcome such a power sharing settlemetn.
nato did not do well to solve afghanistan's economic problems
NATO has achieved peace in the region, allowing it to stabilize.
NATO has brought peace and security
NATO has failed to solve Afghanistan’s economic problems
Nazi and Soviet symbols are accepted in today's society.
Negative campaign divides the nation and its people
Negative campaigning can create voter apathy
Negative campaigning creates voter apathy and prevents accurate reporting of candidates’ policies and ideologies.
Negative campaigning leads to negative governance.
Negative campaigning reduces the diversity and representativeness of government.
Negative campaigns can lead to negative governing.
Negative campaigns helps reduce diversity
Negative campaigns reduce diversity
Negativity in campaigns can lead to a government that is negative.
negotiation can bring lasting peace
Negotiations to ensure lasting peace
News Corp's lack of transparency make it a suspect organization.
No chance of changing from the Pound to the Euro
No country has an inherent right to invade or use aggression against another.
No Cruel and Unusual Punishment
No democracy means no freedom for a nation.
No elections are in direct contradiction to the desired effect of democracy.
No feasible system of which grounds of compensation can occur because of the fluidity of culture and cultural identity
No - it should not be banned in places people CHOOSE to go
No life sustaining features
NO,need to ban just reduce the use of plastic
NO,NO SOLID PROOF
No one should be allowed to pass on money after they are dead
No one will ever actually look at the information
No possible over abuse on the resources, just a utilitarian, global benefit
North Korea is a threat to China in the future and a nuisance now.
North Korea is both an annoyance now and a threat in the future to China.
Norway and the Republic of Ireland are examples of successful nation-states.
norway has lot of positive things still being an atheist country
Norway is 70%  atheist, but is still the world's best place to live.
norway is one of the peaceful atheist countries
Norway listed as the best place to live, but it is full of atheists.
Norway still the world's best place to live (With 70% atheists)
Not allowing Shark's fin soup will just put it on the black market
Not all polls are accurate, except for exit poll.
Not all skills are best learnt in a classroom environment.
Not enough fundng...
Not enough legal oversight prevents the accountability resulting from secret drone strikes.
Not enough sources for life to be supported.
Not every college is equally impressive.
not everyone is good academically
Not everyone is good at studying
Not everyone who passes on cash in their will is a millionaire
Not having any elections is honest.
Not only was the bombing illegal, it was morally wrong!
Nuclear waste can be put to beneficial uses
Nuclear waste can be used in other forms of power generation
Nuclear waste disposal is rarely safe/efficient; it is too much to expect a sqeaky clean disposal/disarmament of nuclear weapons
Nuclear weapons can fall into the wrong hands.
Nuclear weapons give states valuable agenda-setting power on the international stage
Nuclear weapons will rapidly de-escalate conflicts.
Number 2 is a lie, there ARE alternatives to animal testing! Other companies use them, and animal testing doesnt prove anything, because although close, they arent people.
Numbers Are Not Real but Quatities Are.
Nutrition labeling on packages can encourage consumers to buy certain types of foods over others.
Obama has already attempted to increase transparency.
Obama is more invested in the health of the nation.
Obama is more willing to do what is right for the country
Obama would make sacrifices for the greater good.
Objectifying animals enables people to absolve themselves from their moral treatment.
Ocean acidity levels are increasing at an unprecedented rate that can only be explained by human activity.
Oceanic acidity is increasing too much to be natural.
Offshore drilling and its negative effect on the environment are controversial topics.
Offshore drilling by oil companies can adversely impact local economies.
Offshore drilling can cripple local economies.
Offshore drilling prevents environmentally-unfriendly effects
Offshore outsourcing is consistent with existing labour distribution patterns.
Offshore outsourcing reduces living standards and limits social mobility.
Offshoring exploits both individual workers and under developed states.
Olympic sports are suppose to be physical
Once elected, politicians do what they want, so why vote?
One benefit of private schools is that they financially help state schools
One conviction in 10 years doesn't deter anything.
One form of animal torture is bullfighting
One of the benefits of a college education is the exposure it provides to a multitude of people and ideas.
One of the most important things that one can achieve in their lifetime is a college education.
One of the reasons clerical child rape has happened is due to priests being forced to remain celibate.
One of the things that is part of baseball is having collisions
One party state
One person, one vote is a basic principal of democracy when the vote of one person is worth 10,000 time as much as that of another is simply undemocratic
one point that is always not mentioned is the EU is part of the New World Order
One problem with private schools is that they lack diversity
one time atomic attack was less costly then the continuation of the war convenstional way
One way that politicians learn about the public is through opinion polls.
Online gambling affects families
Online gambling and criminal activity go hand in hand.
Online gambling encourages crime
Online gambling has adverse effects on family relationships.
Online gambling has increased the incidence of gambling addiction
Online privacy only benefits those who commit crimes on the internet.
Only a domestic intelligent service can provide counterintelligence.
Only an international treaty can create penalties for non-compliance
Only a non-binding agreement would get the targets necessary
Only Criminals benefit from internet Privacy
Only help those who ask for it and that too at your discretion
Only if the world benefits should Antartica's resources be exploited.
Only police officers, who have received professional qualifications, should protect the safety of the public, not private individuals who have not received such training
Only wrong-doers benefit from internet privacy.
Opening up the Olympics for borderline sports is bad in itself
Open primaries allow the electorate to express nuanced polling choices
Open primaries are beneficial for the nurturing of moderate, non-partisan politics.
Open primaries are open to manipulation
Open primaries are unnecessarily complex for most people.
Open primaries can be manipulated.
Open primaries make it so that voters aren't locked into single party stance voting.
Open primaries promote engagement with political minorities
Open primaries promote moderate, non-partisan politics
Open primaries will distract and confuse the majority of the electorate
Open primaries will just make lobbying more prominent
Open primaries will lead to an increase in disputes internal to political parties
Open primaries will lead to an intensification of lobbying activities
Open travel to Cuba has not yielded change so the embargo should continue.
Operating drones results in a great deal of mental and emotional stress.
Opinion polls are a forum for public expression and should be protected
Opinion polls provide useful information to politicians.
Opportunities are influenced by education
Other addictions and harmful behaviors often accompany gambling.
Other competitions would be interfered with.
Other countries could strike against those developing nuclear weapons to protect themselves.
Other forms of media are regulated and the internet is no different.
Other places have successfully introduced compulsory voting.
Other small nation-states like Norway and the Republic of Ireland are successful
Our actions are determined by external factors or by choice
our streets are littered
Our votes will not be acknowledged by our representatives.
Outsourcing follows the current labor distribution model.
Overregulating think tanks sets a dangerous precedent
Oversight , and Impact of Congressional Earmarks 2
Overwhelming scientific consensus says human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change.
Pack labelling or taxation a better alternative
Parents have a right to acquire and act upon medical information
Parents in liberal societies have a duty to minimize avoidable suffering, so parents should be allowed to genetically screen fetuses.
Parents should have the right to screen for heritable diseases.
Parliament must be representative of our society and that requires a substantial increase in the number of women which only positive discrimination can achieve
Participation Is Good In Itself
Participatory Democracy Facilitates the Misrepresentation of Issues
Participatory Democracy Preserves our Natural Liberty
Participatory Democracy Produces Better Decisions
Part of the Olympic spirit is to remind everyone that we are all human and should respect one another.
Patenting genes can lead to research that can help humanity and save lives.
PCs lack the performance offered in many Mac machines, making the Macs significantly superior
Peace and security has occurred thanks to NATO.
Peace can only be achieved only through a well functioning democracy
Peace could have been reached via talks and negotiations.
Penalties for non-compliance are restricted to international treaties
People are better citizens when they have children
people are influenced by violent music
People are justified in listening to violent music
People are more likely to attend museums if they are free.
People can only make free choices if they want to, not because the state makes them
People can suffer, but most animals can suffer more.
People forced to vote are unlikely to vote intelligently.
People have a right to know where their information comes from
People have a right to pass on the money they earned through hard work
People have the freedom to choose whether they want to dedicate their time to helping others, and help should only be given to those who ask for it.
People have the right to listen to whatever music they want to.
people have the right to smoke
people immitate video games.
People in general are not opposed to Nazi and Soviet symbols.
People may have valid religious reasons not to donate organs
People might change their mind after polling, leading to different vote results.
People often react poorly to being censored by their governments.
People rebel from rules and do what they want anyway
People selling illegal recreational drugs are raking it in.
People should be allowed to take their leisure at their own convenience and not on the basis of religious decree
People should be free to take drugs
People should know where information came from.
People should not be made to return to their own country, it's just wrong!
People's needs are met best in democracies.
People think that a benevolent God cannot exist because bad things happen...
People vulnerable to explotation are protected.
People who graduate from college have more earning power.
People who identify as conscientious objectors would be treated unfairly in the national service.
People who object national service would be treated unjustly.
people who sell are making lots of money
People who sell illegal drugs are making bunches of money.
People will lose their privacy.
People with genetic disorders will be marginalized by genetic screening.
People with great physical features are in a better position
Perestroika put the final nails in the USSR’s economy
Performance enhancing drugs are particularly dangerous to young and vulnerable athletes and should therefore be sanctioned.
Personality politics is harmful to the democratic process
Pest control or conservation arguments does not rationalize our use of animals as objects in blood sports.
Peurto Rico should be an American state.
Physicality is an important and fun part of major league baseball.
Piracy is unlikely to be stopped without cutting off internet access.
PLASTIC BAGS DONT HARM THE ENVIRONMENT
Plastic bags suffocate and kill
Players are all about the money.
Playing violent video games causes more aggression, bullying, and fighting.
Playing violent video games does not cause kids to commit mass shootings.
Playing violent video games leads to violent behaviors.
PMCs are a valuable resource
PMCs are unpredictable.
PMCs are untrustworthy
PMCs attract less attention and suspicion and can carry out their role more effectively.
PMCs can be made much more legitimate by regulation
PMCs can not be trusted.
PMCs have an equally strong incentive to perform.
PMCs provide a service that may be otherwise unavailable.
Policing and financing the system is unmanageable
Political candidates' full financial history offers valuable texture with regard to potential financial policies candidates may offer.
Political candidates' rights would be violated if they were forced to post their financial records online.
Political candidates should focus on policy and not be subjected to scrutinization of their financial records.
Political minorities are more engaged with open primaries.
Political parties will have more disputes with open primaries.
Politicians can rely on opinion polls.
Politicians don't care about engaging with me about issues that matter for me.
Politicians don’t engage with issues that are important to me
Politicians should be able to make difficult decisions without fear that selecting one option will lead to their incarceration.
Politicians will not pay any attention to our votes.
Politicians will simply ignore how we vote
Politics will be more interesting to children if inspired by a celebrity minister
Polls accurately portray how close races are.
Polls are usually good predictors of how close the race is.
Polls can indicate how close the elections results are.
Polls conducted by research companies are fair and accurate because their survey subjects match the true distribution of population .
Positive discrimination for women is discrimination
Positive discrimination takes away voters' freedom of choice by limiting their choices to women
Positive discrimination towards women should be allowed
Positive discrimination towards women should not be allowed
Possessing nuclear weapons will be counter to the peaceful interests of states
Possible financial instability does not warrant the EU accepting new members.
Potential prosecution by the ICC encourages local authorities to improve their own judicial systems.
Power trips can be had by agencies.
Practical harm #1 - Encouraging extremist movements
Practical harm #2 - Hate speech
Predictions of accelerating human-caused climate change are based upon computerized climate models that are inadequate and incorrect.
Prenuptial agreements are either too lovely or not as lovely as they appear
Pre-nuptial agreements conditions differ from future reality
Pre-nuptial agreements constitutes a serious chance of abuse
Pre-nuptial agreements increase security
Pre-nuptial agreements reduce trauma associated with divorce
Prenuptial agreements should not be recognized in divorce courts
Preserving the penny keeps consumer prices down and avoids harming low-income households
Pretty are advantaged people
Pretty people get advantage
pretty people(great skin,great health resulting from physical prowess) have a one-up on everything
Previous federal models have proven to be successful
Privacy is a right to private investors.
Privacy on the internet is important for protecting users from being exploited.
Privacy will go away.
Private Business is more inclined towards future planning and sustainability.
Private Enterprise demonstrates a greater capacity for dealing with long term planning and viable continuity over time.
Private Enterprise is more suited to long-term planning and sustainability
Private investors have a right to privacy
Private schools are financially beneficial for state schools
Private schools are financially good for the state
Private schools aren't diverse
Private schools aren't necessarily good for the child.
Private schools can also be good for state schools
Private schools create competition
Private schools don't have unique demographics
Private schools encourage elitism
Private Schools inhibit reform of the public system
Private schools lack diversity
Private schools one on one time with individual teacher and student enables better results in the long run.
Private schools provide individual time for students and teachers for best results.
Private universities are needed to increase the number of places for students.
Private universities increase the places where students can study.
Private universities would increase the divide between the rich and poor
Private Universities would risk reducing the quality of university degrees.
Problems are not going to be stopped by criminalisation
Professional golfers are considered athletes by mainstream media.
Profiling is effective and necessary:
Profiling is racist:
Prohibition does not work; instead, it glamorizes drugs
Proliferation of nuclear weapons increases the chances of nuclear accidents
Promoting democracy promotes peace.
Prosecutors have too much power under mandtory sentencing laws.
Protecting young and vulnerable athletes
Protection of cultural diversity is one benefit of a federal Europe.
Protection of migrants causes “brain drain,” which further damages the economies of source countries.
Protection of prisoner's rights
Protection of vagrants causes brain depletion  which further harms nations' economies of source
Protections of migrants will hurt the economies of receiving countries by overcrowding them and taking away jobs from citizens.
Protections would benefit the economies of receiving as well as source countries.
PTSD is much less prevalent amonst drone pilots than those who participate in traditional warfare.
Public acknowledgement of the right to nuclear deterrence will benefit the public regulation of nuclear weapons generally
Public Decency
Public figures have a responsibility to be role models
Public safety should be left to professionally qualified police officers, not private citizens with little or no expert training.
Puerto Ricans deserve full political rights and citizenship
Puerto Ricans should be US citizens.
Puerto Ricans should have political rights and citizenship status equal to other Americans.
Puerto Rican statehood is not economical for the US
Puerto Rican statehood will not benefit the US economically.
Puerto Rico would benefit economically from statehood
Puerto Rico would have a better economy  if it were a state.
Putting all your information out there is not safe.
Radicalisation cannot be stopped by criminalisation
Raising the school learning age promotes equal opportunities
Raising the school-leaving age is a crucial investment in society's future
Raising the school-leaving age is a crucial investment in society’s future
Raising the school leaving age promotes equal opportunities
real life violent behaviors may be stimulated by video games
Receiving countries should not and cannot afford to further protect migrants because they often free ride on health, education, and welfare systems.
reconciliation can be used for political corruption
Reconciliation can be used to conceal political corruption and patrimony
reconciliation can help to conceal corruption
reconciliation helps with justice
Recreation should be when people want, not when told to by religion
Recurring Numbers And Symmetry Miracle
Redistribution is a moral anathema.
Reform would strengthen the House of Lords
Refraining from elections is honest.
Rehabilitation chances are harmed my minimum mandatory sentences.
Reheating is 5 times better for the environment
Relations between Scots and English are deteriorating
Religious decrees infringe on people's freedom of choice
Religious symbols are a reason for division within Western society.
Religious symbols cause division within Western society.
Religious symbols cause problems in schools.
Religious symbols in public offend some people.
Religious traditions allow for human dominion over animals.
Religious traditions tell us to be merciful to animals, so we should not cause them suffering by experimenting on them.
Removing 'choice' will improve the overall standard of our schools.
Repair of past errors in treatment of indigenous peoples is an obligation of those who benefited.
Reparations and the use of the term 'cultural appropriation' is a mask for more deep-rooted issues of racism in society.
Repatriation is expensive and unrealistic
Repatriation is immoral
Reporting on these events can lead to hateful sentiment and ultimately war.
Requiring churches to pay taxes would endanger the free expression of religion and violate the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment of the US Constitution.
Research animals are well treated
Research companies conducted polls with an unbiased representation of population provides good indication of public opinion.
Research companies worldwide, such as YouGov, which provide data and statistics for election polls provide a fair representation of the population, and therefore a fair representation of public opinion.
Research has shown violent video games encourage criminal and anti-social behaviour
Residents of Puerto Rico deserve the full political rights and citizenship of other Americans.
Respect for the rights of other humans.
Respect for the rights of people.
Respect of Human Rights
[Response to rebuttal] Sanctions are the most effective response to an urgent crisis.
[Response to rebuttal] Suitability: Government has essential macro-view(scale&scope), and IS better organized, better funded.
Restricting video games only makes people more interested in them.
Restricting violent video games will have no correlation to a reduction in societal crime.
Restrictions would be ineffective
Returning to the 1967 borders would bring peace to Israel.
Reusing, reheating tea using the stove is environmentally unsound.
Rewarding or punishing someone for voting is nonsensical.
Richer countries will not benefit from adding poorer countries to the EU.
Rising levels of atmospheric CO2 do not necessarily cause global warming, which contradicts the core thesis of human-caused climate change.
Rising levels of human-produced gases released into the atmosphere create a greenhouse effect that traps heat and causes global warming.
Rod Laver is without doubt the greatest ever!
Running for office should make your life an open book
Rupert Murdoch is unfit to run a media company that has such broad influence.
Sabbath day puts the emphasis on family and away from commercial activity
Sadomasochistic practices should be legal between informed, consenting adults.
Sanctions are ineffective because they can be counterproductive.
Sanctions are ineffective because they hurt ordinary people more than leadership.
Sanctions are necessary for national security
Sanctions are not working
Sanctions are the fastest and most effective measures when a crisis is urgent.
Sanctions are the most effective manner in which to respond to a real crisis.
Sanctions are the most effective response to an urgent crisis.
Sanctions can backfire.
Sanctions cause more harm than good.
Sanctions do not harm the right people.
Sanctions give rise to a whole new set of problems
Sanctions harm the Cuban people.
Sanctions only cause more problems.
Schengen allows countries to aid each other in their quest to abolish crime on a global scale
Schengen creates an invisible wall around Europe
Schengen has allowed cooperation in fighting global crime
Schengen helps countries work together to abolish crime
Schengen tightens external borders, creating a ‘wall’ around Europe.
School and public libraries should not expose children to sex, violence, drug use, or other inappropriate topics.
School children are too young to be targeted for military service.
School children are too young to target for military service
Schoolchildren need to learn history since it is an integral part of learning about one's country.
Schools need to be gender neutral in order to ensure the kids safety.
Schools should teach historical facts.
Science can support the existance of God
Scientists have found living organisms in space
Scotland has a proud history and has demonstrated since devolution different political interests
Scotland has different interests to rUK
Scotland has potential to be a leader in technology and renewable energy.
Scotland needs English economic muscle as through the Barnett formula England, especially the Southeast effectively subsidizes the rest of the UK in general and Scotland in particular
Scotland's economy cannot survive if it doesn't have England to lean on.
Scotland will be unable to survive economically without England
Scotland would not be able to survive independently without England.
Scots can govern themselves better than Westminster.
Scots would not be in favor of voting for independence.
Sea levels have been steadily rising for thousands of years, and the increase has nothing to do with humans.
Second dimension of power
Secrecy in hostage-taking events could cool passions and prevent war.
Secrecy prevents accountability for drone strikes.
Security changes to arise when UK leaves EU.
Security is better shared
Security is stronger when there are others involved
Seeing a politician put on trial hurts the integrity of their office.
senior citizens should not and cannot be exposed to such naked risk on moral grounds
seperate education for boys and girls have its own benefit
Serious threats to our society sometimes justify restricting a specific person or group's freedom of speech.
Set up an international fund to pay compensation
Sexuality and family planning don't mix
Sham elections do not mean the elections have no influence or impact.
Shark fin soup trade can continue due to quotas making shark kills in moderation.
Sharks cannot produce the quantity of young needed to replenish their populations as a result of overfishing.
Sharks do not produce the quantity of young in order to replenish population deficiencies attributed to overfishing
Sharks don't produce the amount of young in order to replenish population deficits attributed to overfishing.
Should be tried at home
Should congressional earmarks be abolished?
Should we as people help everyone or only certain ones.
Should Yanukovych be tried at the ICC?
Sideshows and promotions generate extra revenue.
Simulating violence such as shooting guns and hand-to-hand combat in video games can cause real-life violent behavior.
Since museums essentially maintain our collective histories, there should be free access to all citizens.
Since people are choosing whether to go to places, smoking shouldn't be banned there,
Since schoolchildren would not chose a military career with honest information, military recruiters downplay the risks of a military career to tempt them.
Since the military is an all-volunteer force, a percentage of school-age recruits is needed every year.
Skill is required for a person to be proficient in golf doesn't make it a sport.
slaughtering without proper procedure results in pain
slaughter is painful when animals are not stunnded
Slaughter without stunning is painful for the animal
Small business help.
Small children are not helped by having homework.
Small churches, already struggling to survive, would be further endangered by a new tax burden.
Small churches who are struggling would be put at risk by the tax burden.
Small churches would are in financial peril would be in a problematic situation by a new tax burden.
Small countries would be able to pursue their independence without having to rely on larger countries.
Small countries would no longer need the protection of larger ones, so could become more politically independent.
Small European nations would benefit from Scotland's economic potential.
smoking don't necessarily have to be banned
Smoking is a human right.
Smoking is a personal choice, and should not be restricted.
smoking should be banned in public places
Smoking shouldnt be banned
Smoking shouldn't be banned in places where people choose to be.
Socialism can be molded to fit the needs of the moment.
Socialism died out, making way for Capitalism.
Socialism has changed historically to meet the challenges of the moment and is addressing those of the 21st century in new ways
socialism have changed and adapted to meet the upcoming challenges of the 21st century
Socialism is a an ever changing set of principles that can be applied in new ways to meet the challenges of a changing world.
Socialism is a more secure system than the free market in Capitalism
Socialism is no longer seen as a viable option and even the Left has accepted that Capitalism is a better system.
Socialism outranks capitalism in security.
Socialism was a twentieth century ideology which ran its course and ran out of steam when it became clear that Capitalism worked better
Social mobility is negatively impacted by offshore outsourcing.
Social problems can be solved without resorting to physical punishments.
Social stability through the use of dictatorships.
Societies are protected by the activities of intelligence .
Society can never ensure that all children start on an 'equal footing' and why would it want to?
Society could really benefit from having the National Sevice again.
Society has a moral responsibility to educate all its young people
Society is better connected with national service.
Society is put at ease when everyone is as equally under the thumb of the dictator as everyone else.
Society is ready to live with Nazi and Soviet symbols
Society needs a standing army ready to be called to action
Society's future depends on raising the school-leaving age.
Society should make it easier for all young people to receive an education.
Society would be damaged if people could not satisfy the procreative urge by enriching their children, as this would demotivate them.
Some argue that a college education may not be necessary, since there are many people who have succeeded despite not having college degrees.
some boys and girls should be educated seperately
Some cosmetics and health care products must be tested on animals to ensure their safety.
Some kind of election is more likely to lead to real democracy than no election
some people are not good at studying
Some people are unable to handle the rigor of university-level coursework.
Some skills are better learned outside the classroom.
some things could be missed when viewing and instant replay during a game.
Sometimes bribery is a required cost of business
Sometimes situations necessitate bribery.
Sometimes we have no other choices for Animal research, but then to do some animal testing.
Some universities are exceptional
Some universities are more prestigious than others.
some young people would be taken out of workforce by compulsory studying
So much easier for parents!
Sovereign states should be allowed to set their own targets and be trusted to meet them
so what do we carry our shopping in?
Speed cameras are a dangerous distraction to motorists
Speed cameras distract mororists and are therefore dangerous.
Speed cameras encourage responsibility for our actions
Speed cameras only detect 5% of all road accidents
Speed cameras take motorists by surprise and distract them.
Speed cameras were meant for monetary gains, not to improve driving.
Speed cameras were meant to encourage good driving.
Sports agents, sponsors, and sporting goods manufacturers consider golf to be a sport.
Sports experts agree that golf lacks the athletic rigor needed to be a real sport.
Sports gain value through money.
Sports is about competing on a level playing field and allowing drugs will ruin that.
Sports loses its value because of the large amount of money involved.
Sports will become even more dangerous for athletes if they are allowed to take performance enhancing drugs.
State as sole supplier is a bad idea
State funding should be used elsewhere
Statehood is economically beneficial.
Statehood would be an economic benefit for Puerto Rico.
Statehood would bring economic gains to Puerto Rico.
State involvement in pensions is deleterious to both pensioners and the state.
State owned water is a scary concept.
State owning water is a frightening idea
State schools receive financial benefits because the private schools
States' duty to avoid the use of force when solving social problems
States’ duty to avoid the use of force when solving social problems
States will give terrorists nuclear weapons
States with nuclear weapons are afforded more authority to set agendas at international levels.
Stopping their internet  is not the way to get through to file-sharers
Storing nuclear waste underground is necessary - there are no better option available
Storing nuclear waste underground is safer than any other storage method.
Storing nuclear waste underground is very expensive.
Strikes are the only way employees can gain leverage over their employers in negotiations.
Strikes are unique means to attain leverage and their benefits weight more than their harms
Strikes do more good than harm, since they allow employees to negotiate on an even playing field with their employers.
strong incentive to perform is equal with PMCs
Student loan discharge would incite colleges to raise tuition
Students will have more choices if military recruiters are able to be allowed in schools.
Students will have to pay British tuition fees
Studies claiming a causal link between video game violence and real life violence are flawed.
"Studies have shown that violent video games can have a positive effect on kindness, civic engagement, and ""prosocial” behaviors."
Tackling hazardous environments
Taking away a smoker's rights to smoke in public is akin to the time of slavery!
Taking away collisions would give an advantage to one side
Taking more risks in training and competition would allow athletes the freedom to become the best competitors they can be.
Talking it out would have been preferable.
Taxes cannot be justified while the network is poor
Taxing churches when their members receive no monetary gain would amount to double taxation.
Teachers can benefit students better with one on one time in private schools.
Teaching history ensures that events of the past are not forgotten, and lessons are learned
Technology can improve treatments for injuries thus lessening off time for players.
Technology is ready and available and proven to be robust
term limits allow a balance check and allow for new fresh leaders to take position
Term limits allows new blood in the office and prevents one leader from staying in power for too long.
Term limits are undemocratic and suggest, falsely, that voters cannot make intelligent decisions about their leaders on their own.
Term limits are undemocratic and suggest, falsely, that voters cannot make intelligent decisions about their representatives without guidance:
Term limits check the power of incumbency as an election-winning tool and allow new and energetic leaders and ideas to flourish.
Term limits could lead one to be more dishonest to get the job done quicker
Term limits create more competitive elections for public office that empower new leaders and ideas:
term limits help with fresh ideas
Term limits should be voted on
Term limits take too much power away from the leaders that were chosen
Terrifying is the idea of state owned water.
Terrorism can bring attention
Terrorism can lead to discussion
Terrorism is relative
Terrorists are created by drone strikes.
Terrorists will steal nuclear weapons from poorly guarded arsenals
Testing is needed for really new drugs
Tests have been failed by the EU on its ability to create a common foreign policy.
That golf can be difficult and skills and practice are required does not qualify it as a sport.
That is an open invitation for the terrorists.
That would cause friction between the races.
thbt boys and girls should be educated serparatley
The ability of the EU to create a common foreign policy is a failure, as shown from multiple tests.
The ability to prosecute politicians is the ultimate protection against the abuse of power.
The ability to strike allows unions to extort
The abolition of nuclear weapons would actually incentivize the development and use of even more dangerous weapons, such as chemical and biological weapons
The acidity levels of the oceans are within past natural levels, and the current rise in acidity is a natural fluctuation, not the result of human caused climate change.
The acidity of the oceans is increasing too much to be a natural phenomenon.
The ACN in Gabon shows what can be done by smaller African nations
The actions of the Cuban government have merited the Cuban government economic penalty
The act of having a concealed handgun on one's person increases the likelihood of an argument increasing in intensity and resulting in death
The act of having children makes people more desirable citizens.
The act of killing is emotionally damaging
The aging population and increasing retirement age requires higher skills
The Agreement helps keep the European Union intact
The Agreement helps to promote the stability of the European Union
The all-volunteer military needs a percentage of school-age recruits every year.
The American Psychological Association (APA) lists violent video games as a risk factor for aggressive behavior.
The army is not the best institution to run a country
The army is not the best option to rule a country, therefore a military coup is not always the best option.
The banning of religious symbols in public could cause an outcry for other public bans.
The banning of religious symbols in public will always be a controversial issue.
The BCS rankings are designed to favor consistency over the course of the entire season.
The benefits far outweigh the costs
The benefits far outweigh the costs of not using the technology
The best place to store nuclear waste is underground.
The Bible says God created the world
The bible states that there is life after death.
The bombing was immoral and illegal
The bombing was wrong and not moral.
The campaign is unpopular among the majority of NATO countries citizens, so we should solve the Afghan problem in diplomatic way, specifically through a power-sharing deal with the Taliban.
The cases of burglars needs to be dealt with
The casualties of the embargo are the civilians of Cuba, not the government as ideal.
The catcher or runner would have a ridiculous advantage if collisions were not allowed.
The Catholic Church saved the Mexican people by treating them as human beings and giving them the chance to live as free people.
The Catholic Church wants loyalty to institution, not to the common man.
The Champions League is financially more rewarding
The chance of rehabilitation is lower when minimum mandatory sentences are used.
The children of college graduates are healthier and more prepared for school.
The classroom environment is not ideal for all lessons.
The concept of federalism lacks political support
The concept overestimates the role of the Prime Minister
The conditions for concealed carry permits and background checks do not inhibit criminals from obtaining weapons
The Continent is still vulnerable to natural disasters
The continuation of a conventional war would have been much costlier than an atomic attack
the continuation of the war without the nuclear bomb would have been much costlier
The cost of dropping the atomic bombs was much less than continuing to fight a costly war.
The costs will be enormous and implementation is arduous.
The costs would be outrageous.
The cost would be prohibitive to create an enforcement arm of the ICC.
The creative commons is a more effective means for artists to build and expand their reach and markets than traditional copyright licensing arrangements
The Creative Commons licenses allows artists to reach their full potential.
The criminalisation of sadomasochism infringes on individual liberty
The Cuba embargo has failed to achieve its goal after 50 years so the US should end it.
The Cuba embargo is a product of Cold War Era mentality thus obsolete for Cuba is not a threat to the US.
The Cuban government has consistently responded to US attempts to soften the embargo with acts of aggression, raising concerns about what would happen if the sanctions were fully lifted.
The Cuban government is unaffected by the sanctions.
The current House of Lords is undemocratic
The current Security Council doesn't reflect the economic reality of the 21st century.
The Dalai Lama is no longer relevant to Tibet's future
The DC Handgun ban is inconsistent with other legislation in the U.S.
The decision to include golf in the 2016 Summer Olympics is questionable.
The decision to smoke is a human right.
The definition of a game is a better match to golf than the definition of a sport.
The demand for bribes would end if companies stopped supplying them
The desire for, and fight for, democracy must come from within or else democratic government will not be sustainable.
The devaluation of animals as an object of sport, devalues life including human life.
The disproportionate influence of former politicians inevitably benefits old, powerful, white men
The double jeopardy principle ensures that only strong cases are brought against defendants.
The economy needs educated people in order to do well in the future.
The economy of the future requires more education
The Electoral College ensures that all parts of the country are involved in selecting the President of the United States.
The electoral college forces candidates to win broad coalitions across the country, encouraging national harmony.
"The Electoral College gives too much power to ""swing states"" and allows the presidential election to be decided by a handful of states."
The electoral college goes against the democratic system because it hinders party building and has a negative impact on voting.
The electoral college goes against the idea that whoever earns the most votes wins.
The Electoral College guarantees certainty to the outcome of the presidential election.
The Electoral College ignores the will of the people.
The electoral college is just a violation of democratic principles and should be abolished.
The electoral college is just a violation of voter equality.
The electoral college makes certain voters decline to vote.
The electoral college prevents a tyranny of the majority.
The electoral college violates principles of equity.
The electoral college violates the democratic principle of equality in voting
The electoral college violates the democratic principle that the winner should be the candidate receiving the most votes.
The electoral college weakens incentives for voting and party building.
The embargo enables the United States to apply pressure on the Cuban government to improve human rights.
The embargo harms the people of Cuba, not the government as intended.
The embargo is a relic of Cold War Era thinking and is unnecessary because Cuba does not pose a threat to the United States.
The embargo must be upheld as others have allowed open travel with no results.
The embargo prevents the people of Cuba from joining the digital age by cutting them off from technology, and restricts the electronic flow of information to the island.
The embargo should be maintained because open travel is insufficient to promote change in Cuba; many democratic countries already allow travel to Cuba with no results.
The EU causes instability
The European Union is no longer in a financial position to be taking in new members.
The European Union is too centralised
The EU should continue to expand for the benefit of its members.
The executive branch of government, having no countervailing voices to the leader s’ within it, must be checked by limiting tenancy in office.
the executives brances with no opposing voices to the leaders must be imposed term limits
The existence of pennies helps raise a lot of money for charities
The fact that golf can be difficult and requires practice and skill to achieve proficiency does not mean it qualifies as a sport.
The farming of animals causes suffering. Causing suffering is wrong. The farming of animals is wrong
The federal model has proved to be a success previously
The focus of elections should be on policy, not personal issues like financial records
The fossil evidence
The freedom of speech can be curtailed when it represents a serious threat to society
The global community opposes the embargo, and maintaining it hurts the US diplomatically.
The goverment can't afford to take on more school children
The government can handle things better than charities
The government does not have the right to spy on its citizens
The government has a responsbility to discourage the use of dangerous activities, such as the use of drugs.
The government has a right to restrict the sale of violent video games, in order to protect law and order.
The government has no control over free domain and therefore cannot censor the internet.
The government has no right to spy on citizens.
The government here may legitimately limit ‘free speech’.
The government is better equipped than charities
The government is not responsible for financial assistance
The government must not endorse the use of drugs, which are dangerous.
The government needs financial help to take on more school children.
The government shouldn't pay for financial assistance
The great aspect of the game of hockey are overshadowed by the unnecessary brutality displayed during brawls.
The host city becomes an international hotspot for business investment, develops a new 'creative industry' and encourages new practices of cultural consumption
The House of Lords does not understand the needs of the citizens they serve.
The House of Lords is out of touch with the electorate.
the house of lords would be strengthened by reform
The ICC lacks the power to ensure arrests
The ICC's deterent effect is as wide as its authority is endorsed.
The ICC’s investigations have already deterred potential crimes.
The ICC’s widely endorsed authority extends its deterrent effects.
The ICC would wind up clashing with state parties if it had a separate enforcement arm.
The ideals of the EU have greater reach if the union expands.
The implementation of sanctions cause unforeseen problems.
The imposition of democracy violates national sovereignty
The inability of Japan's rulers to back down made it necessary to use the atomic bombs against them.
The incentive for corruption and self-enrichment in office is increased by term limits:
The incidence of PTSD is lower amonst drone pilots than those who pilot manned aircraft or fight on the battlefield.
The incompetent ideologies and messages from the Tea Party have taken over the Republican Party.
The increase in Security Council members is something that needs to also be reflected in the rise of UN membership.
The individual right to bear arms should be restricted in DC.
The industry actually benefits despite claims to the contrary
The inheritance tax is too much as it is and should be reduced.
The inheritance tax is way too much now, it needs to be lowered.
The innocent may be harmed my drone strikes.
The intention of a state to develop nuclear weapons may incite military attacks by enemies and by other supporting countries.
The International Olympic Committee considers golf a sport.
The internet assists in accessing rights, it itself is not a right.
The Internet is a free domain and cannot becontrolled by the government.
The internet is an echo chamber that will confirm extremists in their views if not stopped
The internet is a public space.
The internet is a utility not a human right.
The internet makes exercising human rights easier but is not a right itself.
The internet must be censored to protect society
The internet should be open to all
The killing of sharks can be decreased if demands for shark fins are declined.
The lack of transparency in News Corp creates a overwhelming distrust in the public view.
The leadership of the Republican Party simply has nothing to do with its membership as a result no candidate has, or can, capture the imagination.
The legality and morality of the bombing is questionable.
The loger lasting and biggest economic miracles  have ocurred under dictatorships
The longer a politician remains in office, the more entrenched his grip becomes, and the more likely he is to use his office to his personal advantage:
The longer a single leader remains in power, the more entrenched his grip becomes, and the more likely he is to use his office to his personal advantage.
the longer someone is  in power, the more likely he will use it for personal advantage
The longer they are educated, the more opportunities they get
The loss of individual freedoms is the beginning of dark times.
The loss of individual liberty is the start of a slippery slope.
The majority of Americans support allowing the concealed carry of handguns.
The majority of Americans support drone strikes.
The Majority of Americans Support Drone Strikes
The majority of the inhabitants of Northern Ireland do not support unification
The many hidden subsidies to SE England would end.
The many various interests and the demands makes a UNSC reform really tough to achieve.
the mazimization of the efectiveness of the united states atomic weaponry program are needed before it could be compromised
The 'Middle Way' has international support
The military does not want conscription
The military enters schools not only for recruitment, but also to promote awareness.
The military enters schools to promote awareness, not just recruitment.
The military feels that conscription is not the right answer.
The military is an all-volunteer force and needs a percentage of school-age recruits each year
The military should not target children for service as they are too young.
The MLB should take up instant relay to make sure the umpires make the right calls.
The more college graduates in one geographical area, the more higher-paying employers will be found
The more education you have the more opportunities
The more money you have, the less spiritual you are.
The most effective response to a true crisis is the implementation of sanctions.
The music and film industries are suffering due to file-sharing.
The national well-being is best served by the continuation of economic sanctions against Cuba
The need for pest control or conservation does not justify blood sports.
The negative impact on the environment by oil company offshore drilling should be addressed.
The New START treaty favors Russia over the US.
The New START treaty harms US nuclear capabilities
The New START treaty helps Russia more than the US
The New START treaty is better for Russia than for the US.
The New START treaty maintains US nuclear and missile defence.
The nukes can end up being used against us.
The number 7 miracle
The number of defendants and ICC Enforcement are related.
The occurrence of public shooting spree can be prevented by the usage of concealed handguns by adults
The Olympics create a sense of national pride.
The Olympics displace and burden residents of the host country and city.
The Olympics increase a host country's global trade and stature.
The Olympics increase valuable tourism, which can boost local economies
The Olympic spirit is a universal message for peace and togetherness
The Olympics place a strain on the residents of the host city and country.
The only accurate poll is the exit poll, as evidenced through history
The only constitutionally valid way of taxing churches would be to tax all nonprofits, which would place undue financial pressure on the 960,000 public charities that aid and enrich US society.
The ownership and distribution of water is a natural monopoly
The penny has practically no value and should be taken out of circulation just as other coins have been in US history
The people of Cuba are the victims of the embargo, opposed the intended target of the government.
The peoples desires will always be conveyed even in false elections.
the pollution in the air is going to get worse
The popularity of Chess worldwide sets it up as an appropriate Olympic sport.
The possibility for the universal recogonition that killing is wrong can be deduced by pure intuition.
The possibility of getting injured while playing golf does not make it a sport.
The power of executive branch of government must be checked by having a term limit for the leader in the office.
the power sharing aproach has been proven successful by irag and africa
The power sharing deal would stop a significant financial drain for the countries involved.
The practice of gambling causes people to become involved in criminal activity.
The Premiership is the most popular and successful football league in the world
The preservation of displaced cultures is important in preventing future oppression.
The prevalence of celebrities in politics to sway opinions is unjust, and a bad use of unelected power.
The primaries being open cause more internal friction.
The principle behind attorney-client privilege is declining in relevance
The principle of the invisible hand does not benefit universities.
the probability of getting injured while playing golf is extremely low therefore it is not a sport.
The problem is not significant.
The program would be incredibly expensive and very hard to work through.
The proposed playoff system alternatives are actually less fair than the BCS system in place.
The protection of migrant rights would yield a fiscal benefit to all involved entities.
The protection of migrants to be as one as a familial unit is important and should be guaranteed.
The protection of national security is worth the loss of some civil liberties.
The protection on migrants will causes them to exploit the nation's health, education and welfare systems.
The public is apathetic to reform.
The public may have less respect for an office if the officeholder is put on trial
The public should be made aware of major abuses of power so that they can hold politicians accountable
The purpose of life is to have children
The purpose of the military entering schools is not solely recruitment but awareness
The pursuit of nuclear defence (respectively the possession of nuclear weapons) by more countries is a guarantee for peace.
The pursuit of pain for the purpose of achieving pleasure is an immoral act
The question of whether or not a college education is necessary for success is one that is debated, as many successful people are not college educated.
There are a few impressive universities.
There are a great many of deceptions in the world today that are bigger than Christianity.
There are alternatives that tackle the real causes of voter disengagement
There are better ways to deal with strikes than putting people in Jail
There are cases where leaving school early is necessary
There are greater deceptions than Christianity.
There are life-saving benefits to patenting genes.
There are many commonalities between golf and other sports.
There are many false alarms
There are many flaws to the theory that violent video games cause real life violence.
There are many instances when having a powerful, unlimited executive branch of government is best.
There are many reasons why drones lack sufficient oversight to be of moral value.
There are more students that are having their views and values shifted during college than in the past.
There are multiple negative effects of offshoring.
There are never any clear images
There are no satisfactory alternatives to animal research
There are safeguards to prevent misuse
There are some circumstances when one would want a strong, consistent executive branch of government in place.
there are some services that you cannot get without PMC's
The reasons for which the Founding Fathers created the Electoral College are no longer relevant.
The reconciliation process provides access to justice in post conflict states
There could be reasons to start a coup against the government but that would not be good for democracy.
There definitely exists a Heaven and Hell.
There have been tests on the EU's ability to create a common foreign policy that it has failed.
There is a addiction connected to gambling.
There is a growing imbalance between developing and developed countries representation in the Council.
There is a Heaven and there is a Hell.
There is a lack of evidence that homework helps younger children
There is already enough leeway in the law of self defence.
There is a need to ensure a baseline of inherent rights for migrant individuals.
There is an inability to control domestic intelligence agencies.
There is an overreaction to the dangers of collisions
there is confusion in viewing instant replay
There is currently too little supervision over the area because of its increase in size
There is harm to the nuclear capabilities of the US by New START treaty.
There is less crime when drugs are legal.
There is no definitive replacement for Raul Castro, which makes it unwise for the US to implement new policies at this time.
"There is no distinction between ""natural"" and synthetic methods of performance enhancement"
There is no empirical evidence supporting Creationism, whereas all evidence supports abiogenesis and evolution.
There is no evidence that homework makes a difference for young children.
There is no guarantee there will be benefits.
There is no justification that can make bribery anything other than immoral.
There is no longer any reason to maintain celibacy of priests.
There is no predetermination at play in voting.
There is no proof of life on other planets.
There is no proof that western European involvement in politics would be beneficial to Africa.
There is nothing illegal about drone strikes under US law.
there is nothing illegal in the use of drones
There is no trust
There is precedent to compulsory voting working.
There is pressure on you to fail New Year's Resolutions.
There is with certainty a Heaven and Hell.
The relations of the ICC and state parties would deteriorate if the ICC had its own enforcement arm.
There needs to be a balance for kids between mental and physical stimulation.
There needs to be a tough stance to prevent illegal immigration.
There needs to be reform to campaign finance law.
The Republican Party has been hijacked by the Tea Partiers who simply don’t have a coherent message or ideology
there should be a tenancy for the executive branch of government as to keep in check the power of its leaders
There should be some risk to be considered a real sport, which golf does not have.
There's nothing inherently wrong with eating animals
The Responsibility Lies With Parents
The result of a handgun ban is lower crime and fewer deaths.
There was a lack of transparency in News Corp
There will be an even greater brain drain from poorer countries to richer.
There will be more party infighting with open primaries
There would be interference with other competitions.
The rich are now also deterred
The right not to vote
The right to freedom and expression necessarily includes the internet.
The right to internet access fills a gap in traditional human rights.
The right to privacy includes private investors.
The right to strike keeps negotiating power balanced
The rise in atmospheric CO2 over the last century was clearly caused by human activity, as it occurred at a rate much faster than natural climate changes could produce.
The safety concerns about collision are overblown
The safety of the public should be the responsibility of trained police officers, rather than private citizens with minimal training
The Schengen Agreement is an anachronism of a safer age.
The Schengen Agreement is both a symbol of and fundamental means of upholding the unity of the European Union
The Schengen Area eases the free movement of goods and people that the EU strives for
The scientific community as a whole overwhelmingly rejects Creationism.
The Scots themselves would vote against independence if there was a referendum.
The Security council needs to be more democratic.
These groups are the beneficiaries who reap their profits by kindling the deep settled hatred of among the oppressed
These people are breaking the law and need to be punished.
The slaughter of animals before stunning them is not a significant issue.
The sort of information being kept and sold is legitimate for firms to utilize in this fashion
The specific type of CO2 that is increasing in earth's atmosphere can be directly connected to human activity.
The state has far too often been an instrument for facilitating wars and other acts of violence.
The State imposed system is not objectively right for everybody
the state should possess all assets owned by an individual after their death
The storing and sale of personal data aids companies by making marketing more efficient and allows niche markets to thrive
The System Needed to Change in Order to Survive in the Longer Term; That Mikhail Gorbachev’s Reforms Failed Showed that the USSR Could Not be Saved
The Taliban failed to provide good government for Afghanistan.
The Taliban is a cruel and undemocratic regime, and so it should not be given any power.
the taliban is waiting and likley to regain control of the region once nato forces leave
the taliban should not be given power.
The Taliban supports terrorist organizations, so they are not to be trusted.
the taliban will likely resume their control once nato forces leave
The Taliban will likely take over when the NATO forces leave
The tax break given to churches restricts their freedom of speech because it deters pastors from speaking out for or against political candidates.
The Tea party has totally hijacked the Republican Party with their incoherent ideas.
The terrorists would win in that case!
The threat of a state developing nuclear weapons could instigate pre-emptive strikes from its neighbours and rivals to prevent the acquisition of such weapons
The threat of terrorism and security risks are overstated.
The total cost of going to college also includes the cost of missing opportunities to make money at a job.
The UK and Germany had the potential to create an alliance in the early 1900's.
The UK can be independed
The UK can have an independet foreign policy
The UK would have a completely independent foreign policy
The UK would lose their regional influence is they left the EU
The uncertainty over who will succeed Raúl Castro makes it unwise for the United States to change its policy before a new leader is in place.
The union has worked for over three hundred years and most people feel comfortable with the joint Scots/British identity
The United States cannot risk falling behind the rest of the world in the development of drone technologies.
The United States can reduce domestic demand for drugs through education
The United States has an obligation to protect international stability due to its unique military strength.
The United States is able to target the Cuban government with its embargo while still providing assistance to Cuban citizens.
The United States is a de facto empire.
The United States must find a ‘third way’
The United States must not allow it's atomic weaponry programs to become compromised.
The United States need to maximise the effectiveness of its atomic weaponry program before it could be compromised
The United States should end the Cuba embargo because its 50-year policy has failed to achieve its goals.
The United States should maintain the Cuba embargo because Cuba has not met the conditions required to lift it.
The United States should not have different trading and travel policies for Cuba than for other countries with governments or policies it opposes.
The UN should allocate a fund to compensate nations that have been victims of terrorism.
The US cannot Risk Lagging Behind the Rest of the World in the Development of These Technologies.
The use of animals as objects in blood sports cannot be justified by the week argument that it provides benefit through pest control or conservation.
The use of animals in sport demeans humans
The use of animals in sport is demeaning to humans.
The use of atomic bombs was the only was to persuade Japan's rulers to surrender
The use of drones conflicts with international law
The use of drones removes accountability from their leaders.
The use of Drones to combat enemy actions and terrorism will be an effective method to face enemies and stop terrorism .
The use of meta data causes unintentional harm
The use of term limits in politics shows a lack of faith in the ability of voters to choose the best candidate for office.
The use of unmanned drone attacks is inconsistent with international laws.
The US is less of a hegemon and more of an imperial empire
The US is more like an imperial power and less like a hegemon
The US is not a hegemon at all, but an imperialist power-an empire.
The US military is needed to ensure peace.
The US must protect the international community.
The US Nuclear capabilities are hurt by the New START treaty.
The value of a bachelor's degree has lessened.
The variety and quality of employment opportunities increases for college graduates.
The veto power was granted legally to the P5 by the other participating states, and therefore the P5 have a right to those powers.
The violent music encourages disrespect toward women
The war is too expensive, so a deal needs to be made to end it.
The War on Drugs has failed and there needs to be a new dialogue to decide on the course forward
The would-be representatives should disclose their complete background including financial background to the voters who have a right to know.
They are a good indicator of the closeness of the race
They damage Israel's foreign relations & reputation
They litter our streets
They make the domestic government appear to be weak and defenseless
Think tanks do not need to know where their funding is from.
Think tanks may become smoke screens for criminal groups
Think tanks should be able to choose not to know who funds them
Think tanks should be assessed by the value of their ideas, not by who funds them
This advertising strategy provides benefits by making marketing more efficient and allows smaller markets to develop
This advertising strategy undermines people’s right to personal privacy
This could cause Parents to take matters into their own hands.
This could cause the death of the music industry.
This implies falsely that man operates on pure instinct from which he cannot vary, placing him on the level of animals.
This information offers valuable texture to the financial proposals candidates offer as potential policy
This is an unjust use of unelected power
This is not a big problem.
This is not a significant problem.
This may actually cause the music industry to die out
This may lead to the death of the music industry.
this music harms women and others
This type of music is degrading to everyone, not just women.
This would result in Islamophobic panics and knee jerk reactions across the world.
Those targeted by drone strikes are mostly insignificant to national security.
Those who graduate from college are more likely to have retirement plans and health insurance.
Those who might be exploited are protected.
Those with better physical features have a high standing
Threats are exaggerrated by intelligence agencies.
Thus the super power model will be broken and small countries will be finally given the chance to have political independence without the need of protection from a ‘big brother’.
Time to finish activities
To ban music that encourages violence against women would be done with the intention of protecting women; if it is necessary to paint them as the victims of violence that they are, that is a small price to pay. Furthermore, bans on child pornography would
To ban this type of music encourages the viewing of women as helpless, victim figures.
To ban violent music against weapon is to support positive status of women in society.
To have national sovereignty we must follow Article 98.
To invade could trigger an Arms Race: the very thing everyone wants to avoid!
To keep other countries from obtaining a nuclear arsenal, other nations may pre-emptively strike.
To maintain good US relations with the world we must follow Article 98.
To move now would be against the other bidders.
too many choices lead to substandard outcomes
Too many students earning degrees has diluted the value of a bachelor's degree.
Too much focus on candidates' finances only leads to class wars.
Too much homework can be harmful
Too much homework is detrimental.
Too much responsibility on the Pope
Too much transparency can be dangerous.
Too much transparency can come at the cost of human lives
to strengthen the house of lords use reform
To understand how things came to be, school children should be taught historical facts and figures.
To use  nuclear weapons in defense of the nation is lawful for all countries.
Trade professions are in need of more individuals and it may be more profitable than going to college.
Tradition demands that this instant replay not be used
Traffic cams are just automated speed traps.
Traffic cams can't be avoided and neither can you avoid responsibility for driving actions.
Traffic cams have failed in their mission to alter drivers' behaviors.
Traffic cams have not altered driver behaviors.
Transgenic animals are a medium through which human lives can be bettered
Transparency can result in normalisation
Transparency prevents, or corrects, mistakes
Transparency would make mistakes easier to prevent or identify.
Treating animals as property prevents them from being perceived as part of the moral community
Truly faithful versions of fairy tales would be unsuitable for young children.
Trust is missing.
Truth and reconciliation are more important than retribution following violent and long term conflicts
Truth and reconciliation process paving way for justice
Trying to ban gambling is a waste of time.
Turkey does not have the freedoms associated with democracy
UK leaving the EU will shift its influences.
UK security strongest when shared with EU.
UK will be disentangled
UK will be disentangled from EU affairs
UK will not be entangled
UK will renew its self-reliance in security.
Umpires Approve Instant Replay for Major League Baseball so they can make more accurate calls.
Umpires will benfit greatly from instant replay in the MLB physically.
Underdeveloped states and workers are harmed by this practice.
Underground nuclear storage is excessively expensive
Underground nuclear storage is safer than any available alternative
Unenforceable
Unfavorable societal outcomes from division mean that it is not worth it.
Unification is not supported in the Ireland factions.
Unification would be damaging for the economies of both parts of Ireland
Unification would reignite civil disorder and violent factionalism among Irish communities
Unifying Ireland will result in public disorder and unrest in the country.
Unions abuse the right to strike to extort from their employers.
Unions shouldn't be able to strike, since it gives them too much power over their employer.
United States drone strikes include collateral damage.
United States law endorses drone strikes.
Uniting Ireland would bring about an end to sectarian violence
Universal migrant “protections” are an affront to state sovereignty.
Universities don’t have unlimited places available
University education gives people something to aim for
Unless animals are stunned prior to being slaughtered, the slaughter will cause the animal great pain.
Unlike a sport, golf does not require rigorous physical activity.
Unmanned drone attacks may harm innocent civilians.
Unrealistically costly
Until as recently as 20 years ago, no more than 5% of MPs in UK Parliament were female. Positive discrimination would increase that statistic
Until the US knows who will replace Raul Castro, it does not make sense to put new policies in place.
Urgent crisises are best responded to with sanctions.
U.S. drone strikes enable other nations to violate human rights.
US drone strikes give cover for other countries to engage in human rights abuses.
Users online would be unprotected from exploitation if it weren't for online privacy.
Using animals in sport demeans humans.
Using atomic weapons in a populated area was not necessary.
Using drones can reduce the chance of pilots getting PTSD in operations.
Using instant replay helps make sure the right calls are made
using nuclear bomb was necessary way to persuade japan's ruler to surrender
US law allows for drone strikes.
Variation in standards leads to a ‘race to the bottom’ of corruptibility
Vegetarians go to hospitals 22% less than meat eaters.
vegetarians visit hospitals 22% less often than meat eaters
Vegetarians visit hospitals 22% less than meat eaters.
video cannot catch all plays at a game
Video games are content that has a right to be censored for the mass majority's public safety.
Vigilante attacks can possible happen because of that.
Violence is music leads to violence in real life, so ending violent music would lessen violence in real life.
Violence would end if Ireland was a united country.
violent games make people agressive.
Violent games normalizes forms of violence.
Violent music can be listened to without people going out and doing what the music says.
violent music harms families
Violent video game players know the difference between virtual violence in the context of a game and appropriate behavior in the real world.
Violent video games are detrimental to social interaction.
Violent video games are seen as a risk factor for aggressive behavior, according to the American Psychological Association (APA)
Violent Video Games Cause Social Interaction Problems
Violent Video Games cause Violent Behaviour
Violent video games desensitise users
Violent video games have been shown to have positive effect on kindness and cooperative behavior.
Violent video games lead to inappropriate social interactions.
virtue ethics - we become better people
Visits sour relations
Voice your opinions.
Voter engagement will be better.
Voters and party builders are undermined by the electoral college.
Voters deserve to know the background including financial background of their would-be representatives.
Voters have a right to know the background of their would-be representatives, including financial background
Voting does not make sense as a rewardable/punishable action.
Voting is a civic duty
Voting is an exercise of freedom, not predetermination.
Voting is not a predetermined decision
Voting is the duty of every individual in a democratic society.
Voting should be neither rewarded or punished.
War criminals should not be honored, even after they're dead.
warlords hold control of afghanistans
Was not ranked number one for the most years
weakness of support for life
We cannot make any judgments about whose life is valuable and whose is not
We cannot support a world where killing is acceptable as long as it saves lives.
We cannot understand ourselves if we cannot understand others, so protection of indigenous culture is important.
We do not need another layer of representation
We do not want a society in which killing can be acceptable
We don’t just vote for ourselves
Weekend voting would be a more sensible solution
We have successful precedents in Iraq and Africa, proving that a power-sharing approach works.
We instinctively know killing is wrong
We learn from the mistakes and successes of others
We live in the 21st century so we should keep outdated practices like priestly celibacy.
We must apply the same standards to internet regulation that we apply to all media.
We must ban bullfighting to keep humans from recklessly getting injured and even dying.
We must have international criminal justice through ICC enforcement for good international relations.
We must learn from past mistakes and preserve displaced cultures .
We must practice what we preach
We must retain a respect for academia
we must sanction the use of performance enhancing drugs in pro sports to protect young and vulnerable athletes.
We need to be able to test drugs on animals.
"were can they get money to fend for their families as to some it""s proffession"
We should BAN Alcohol for our families
We should be able to protect our homes from intruders
We should eat less meat.
We should not allow state sponsored revenge
We should not expect the state to fund museums
We should not will a world where killing is acceptable in to existencele in to existence
We shouldn't eat as muh meat.
We shouldn't force people to study if they aren't good at it and choose not to.
We shouldn't just do something because it is New Year.
We should stop eating so much meat.
We should take advantage of the fact that drone strikes are legal
Western countries should not be interfering in African internal affairs
Western European experiences do not demonstrate that civil society’s involvement in politics would be positive in the African context
We try to only use animal testing when it is needed.
We vote not just for ourselves.
What can be done for the world's most impoverished?
What can possibly be done on behalf of the world's poorest citizens?
what do we carry our shipping in?
What happens in polls does not determine what will happen in voting.
WHAT HAPPEN TO A FREE CANADA.  WE ARE GOING BACK TO THE TIME WERE SLAVES HAD NO RIGHT, NOW IT IS SMOKERS HAVE NO RIGHT
What if a doctor decides to 'let you go' to get an organ?
What if your loved-one was a recipient?
what is the best for the child is not always the private education
What makes you think that money would be wisely spent?
What's the point of voting as politicians don't listen to the public anyways
What the governmental machine can’t, society through charities can
What to do with the poorest of the world?
When animals are treated as property it prevents them from being perceieved as part of the moral community.
When companies label their foods, consumers have an easier time finding foods that help them meet their goals.
When entities patent genes they open doors to research that saves lives
When foods go unlabeled, consumers lack a vital form of protection.
When harmful speech is glorified in music, it leads to bad things in real life.
When I vote, I don't feel like the vote I have is important.
When made to label foods, food companies generally offer foods that match consumer values.
When one considers the pain animals will suffer if they are slaughtered without first being stunned, slaughter without stunning should be seen as inhumane.
When presented with the choice, logical citizens would choose to live in a society that valued the will of the people versus the will of the few.
When research is done on animals, it causes them severe harm.
When some leaders are subject to term limits and some are not, the balance of power in uneven.
When there are mandatory sentences, too much power is in the hands of prosecutors.
When the U.S. uses drone strikes abroad, it gives those nations permission to participate in human rights infringement.
When we vote, its not just for ourselves.
When you have religious symbols in schools, there will be problems.
Where can professional musicians get money to fend for their families?
Where celebrity involvement is concerned, it shows a highlight in minority interests.
Where the people and not the government shoulder the burden, sanctions don't work.
where we have been can help us with where we are going
While both people and animals both suffer, most animals suffer more than people do.
Who decides how much is too much, and on what basis?
Who funds a think tank is unimportant to the value of their ideas.
Who says the government will spend the money well?
Why are aliens humanoids?
Why even have an umpire if every play can be instantly replayed?
Why have other life forces not made themselves known?
Why is it legitimate for the government to ban drugs
Why should anyone bother to vote when politicians do whatever they want?
Wikileaks is not accountable
Wikileaks is not registered.
Wild Animals Are Not Domesticated
Will Cause Resentment Between Men and Women
Will file-sharing stop if downloaders are banned from internet use
Will indirectly lead to the spread of Nuclear Weapons
Will the investigation bear fruit? Will someone be prosecuted?
Will the investigation get anywhere; who should be prosecuted?
Winning the Champions League relies more on luck than the Premier League
Wins and losses matter, so does the instant replay. It matters to get things right.
Withdrawal from Article 98 agreements would hamper relations with the US
"Withdrawing the ""parsonage exemption"" on ministers' housing would cost American clergy members $2.3 billion over five years, which would be a major blow to modestly paid men and women who dedicate their lives to helping people in need. "
With ICC Enforcement we would have more violators brought to trial.
With more accurate calls come more legitimate outcomes to games
With more education comes more opportunities
With open primaries, there will be more conflict withing the parties
Without access to the internet there is not freedom of information and expression in today's world.
Without a firm foundation of historical knowledge, children will have a harder time learning necessary skills.
Without animal research, we would have fewer products
Without collisions, either the catcher or the runner would have an enormous and unfair advantage.
Without congress to check the executive branch it could run wild.
Without transparency, mistakes would be easier to come by and more difficult to correct.
With proper medical information, parents should be allowed to screen fetuses.
With term limits, there is too much power given to those that aren't leaders
With term limits, voters are not seen as intelligent voters
With the electoral college in place, it weakens people's incentives for voting.
Women are vastly underrepresented in democratic legislatures across the world. Until 20 years ago women had never been more than 5% of MPs in UK Parliament.
Women would be seen as helpless victims if we banned this type of music.
Workers rights can still be protected
World economics would suffer
Would be very hard to maintain
Would create confusion.
Would prevent division
Would promote getting money into the economh
Wrongs must be righted where indigenous populations have been harmed.
Yanukovych committed crimes against humanity
Yanukovych crimes are against humanity.
Yanukovych needs to go on trial for crimes against humanity.
Yanukovych should be tried at home.
Yes, because it is more likely.
Yes Homework Should Have A Limit
Yes, it should.
Yes, kids need to balance out mental and physical exercise.
yes there is a heaven and a hell
You are not required to endure rigorous physical activity to play golf.
You can do the same kind of thing with any lengthy book (Moby Dick is famously often used)
You can look at Norway and the Republic of Ireland to see successful nation-states.
you can not trust the taliban because of their support of terrorist groups.
You can persuade to vote but you can't force someone to do it.
You do not need to be physically fit to be good at golf.
YouGov is an example of a research site that accurately represents public opinion.
You have to treat people differently in order to reach equality
Young adults learn interpersonal skills in college.
Young adults should consider learning a trade instead of going to college.
Young people can learn important skills in the national service.
Young people should be able to think for themselves and make their own decisions.
Young people should have the choice to decide for themselves
Young people should have the freedom to make their own choices.
Young people should hear of the opportunities available in the armed services whilst in school
You should be able to smoke in public.
You should not gamble because it is bad.
Abolish standardized tests for University Admission
Accessing your spouse’s email account hacking
Adaptation should be the most urgent response to Climate Change
Airbrushing of women’s bodies in the media be banned
Allow pharmaceutical companies to advertise directly to consumers
All patents should be removed on anti-retroviral drugs to fight AIDS
Alternative medicine poses a threat to public health
America should have universal healthcare
Animals have a right to privacy
Animals should be used for scientific or commercial testing
Animal testing for medical research should be allowed.
Ban junk food from schools
Ban the use of trans fats in food stuffs
Cars Should Be Banned From City Centres
Cease the exploitation of the Arctic Region
Cell phone radiation is safe
Children should do part time and summer work
Chocolate is good for you
Co2 Does Not Cause Global Warming
Co-Educational Schools Should Be Supported
Community radio is good for democracy
Corporations are a threat to Democracy and society.
Criminal justice should focus more on rehabilitation
Degrees in the creative arts are luxuries society can no longer afford
Discipline In Schools Needs To Be Improved
Electronic tags are a good idea
Euthanasia or mercy killing is justified
Everyone should go vegetarian
Examinations are a fair way of testing our knowledge
Experience is the key success for entrepreneurship.
Feminism Is Still Needed
Football does unify us
Fund education using a voucher scheme
Gay couples should be allowed to marry
Gender quotas in the EU are advantageous for the economies of member states
Goal line technology has to be adopted in football
Google is the extremely reliable source of information
governments should choose open source software in order to encourage its use
Hate crime 'enhancements' are unjust
High taxes are necessary for an effective state
History has no place in the classroom
HIV/AIDS: There Should Be Compulsory Testing and Labeling of People with HIV
Homework should be banned.
Homework should have a limit
I believe in manned space flight
Introduce year round schooling
It is appropriate to build a muslim community center (aka the ''Ground Zero Mosque'') near the World Trade Center site
It is crucial to explore the universe
It is fine to do random drug-testing in schools
It is time to stop buying bottled water
It should be compulsory for all mothers to breastfeed for the first six months of their babies lives
Julian Assange is a journalist
Less time outdoors is severely detrimental to the physical and emotional wellbeing of children
Make lessons in a foreign language compulsory for school pupils
Make sex education mandatory in schools
Make-up is bad for us
Man made climate change is a myth
Maths should be a compulsory subject at GCSE
Media reporting on violent crimes should be restricted
Mind Sports Such as Chess, Quizzing and Debating Should Be Olympic Sports
Net Neutrality – All Internet Traffic Should Be Treated Equally
News organisations should be free to exclude news of homosexuality where it causes offence to their viewers
Obese people, in countries with a national health service, should face higher taxes
Obesity is a disease
Online education does more good than harm
Online Shopping Is Better Than Offline Shopping
Only buildings that are historically important should be preserved
Parents should be able to choose the sex of their children
Parents should be held responsible for their school-going children's discipline problems
Parents should introduce children to alcohol (in moderation) at an early age
Patents on life-saving drugs should be bypassed
Pay state school teachers based on merit
Performing tests on animals must be banned
Persistent Bullies Should be Expelled
Physical Chastisement of Children Should Be Illegal
Physical Education In Schools Should Be Compulsory
Positive discrimination must be used to put more women in parliament
Prescription drugs should be advertised directly to consumers
Promote safe sex through education at schools
Prostitution Should Be Legal
Prostitution should be legalised to protect sex workers from HIV/AIDS
Provide breakfast for all school students
Provision of higher education must be funded by taxing graduates
Public health concerns justify compulsory immunization
Public high school students in the United States ought not be required to pass standardized exit exams to graduate
Rail travel is the best mode of transport for the future
Rain Man is such a bad image of autism
Religion is not necessary
School uniforms must be banned
School Uniforms Should Be Mandatory
School vouchers should be encouraged
Science can determine human values
Should the Cell Phones Be Allowed in Schools
Smoking in public spaces should be banned
social networking sites should be banned at the workplaces
Space Exploration Is a Waste of Money
Store nuclear waste underground
Strict parenting works best
Teachers must be banned from interacting with students via social networking websites.
Teachers should be armed
Teachers should get merit pay
Technological advancement promotes materialistic society
Television is one of the most effective mediums through which to teach and inspire youngsters
Tennessee is correct to protect teachers who wish to explore the merits of creationism
The Catholic Church is justified in forbidding the use of barrier methods of contraception
The D.A.R.E. program is good for America's kids (K-12)
The drinking age should be lowered from 21 to a younger age
The government of Uganda has failed its citizens over LGBT rights
The grammar school system should be reintroduced in the UK
The iPhone is better than the Blackberry
The lack of investment in teachers is the greatest barrier to achieving universal primary education
The national curriculum should be scrapped
The Private Education System Should Be Abolished
There must be a child curfews
There must be a system of universal healthcare
The Reproductive Health Bill will undermine families and values
There should be a presumption in favour of publication for information held by public bodies
The United States should keep daylight saving time.
The United States should use the electoral college in presidential elections.
Traditional university has to be replaced by online learning
Tuition Fees Should Be Increased
Universities should make all academic work they produce, including scholarly articles, course handbooks and recorded lectures, available to the general public
University education needs to be capped and more selective
University education should be free
University Fees Should Be Scrapped
Vaccination must be made compulsory
Valentines Day is just a Hallmark ploy
Voting should become compulsory
We have to consider a large scale cyber attack an act of war
We have to teach creationism in schools
We must limit anonymous contributions from corporations and individuals to super PACs
We should allow military recruiting in schools
We should be trying to avoid contact with aliens.
We should build new nuclear power plants
We should give money to beggars
We should make education compulsory to degree level
We should show more compassion to drug addicts
Western companies have to incentivised to build software that provides anonymity to those involved in uprisings
Women should be allowed to take part in combat
21 years old should be the drinking age.
2.  No - it discourages incentive, increases dependence upon the government, and, if carried too far, impoverishes and oppresses people.
7 Global warming is based on computer modelling and has had no empirical confirmation
95% of animals used in experiments are not protected by the Animal Welfare Act.
A bad stereotype of an autistic person.
A balanced and healthy diet consists of vegetables and lean red meat.
A ban may make the problem worse
A bashful individual can fulfill his or her social needs through social media.
Abolishing a good service on the basis that some cannot afford it is absurd
Abolishing a good service that is unaffordable is a disservice to humanity.
Abstaining from contraceptive methods is a way to avoid a hellbound future.
A child needs to play.
A curfew is a good solution.
A curfew is practical.
A curfew would be feasible to implement.
Adaptation is likely to hurt poorer nations
Addiction is as much a disease as cancer and deserves the same compassionate care
Additional reformation of campaign finance is unrealistic.
A diet devoid of meat lowers the risk of heart disease.
A diplomatic crisis can happen because of sports.
Advertisements for prescription drugs are not significantly different from any other advertisement
Advertising will enable patients to get better treatment earlier in their illnesses
Adverts create funding to enable research into better drugs.
Adverts generate profit. Profit funds research into improved drugs
A fully vaccinated population lesses the financial stress of the health system.
A good education relies on a strong foundation of historical knowledge.
A good investment in society would be to raise the school leaving age.
A good motivater to improve teaching and test standards.
a good option for an un-academic child
A government that ensures net neutrality is one that violates principles of freedom.
A graduate tax would make access to higher education fairer and more equitable
A graduate tax would make university funding more sustainable
A graduate tax would reduce teh autonomy of universities
A graduation tax would mean scrapping tuition fees and students do not need to pay anything up front.
A healthy breakfast improves students concentration
A healthy diet starts from home and starts early.
A lack of diversity is one issue with private schools
Allowing 18- to 20-year-olds to drink alcohol in regulated environments with supervision would decrease unsafe drinking activity.
Allowing gay couples to wed could further weaken the institution of marriage.
Allowing guns in schools might contribute to school violence if they are not used only for defense.
Allowing women in combat strengthens the overall defense.
Allowing women to serve in combat increases the pool for recruits
Allows everyone to be perfect
All people have the right to marry.
All the military is interested in schools for is the chance to recruit students.
All-women shortlists or quotas restrict a constituent's freedom of choice
Alternative- and more efficient- methods of funding universities are available
Alternative factors that can be considered in the admissions process
Alternative methods of funding universities that are more efficient are available.
Alternative testing methods now exist that can replace the need for animals.
America's electoral college should be done away with because it violates the democratic principle of equality in voting.
A method for saving a life
A Mosque at Ground Zero will encourage anti-Muslim extremists attacks
An educated population is for the benefit of the state
An education in university is an investment
animal experiments are not always accurate
Animal experiments retard medical progress due to providing misleading results
Animal-products, alcohol and their derivates are not good for the skin
Animal research causes severe harm to the animals involved
Animal research ensures greater safety for humans
Animal researchers treat animals humanely, both for the animals' sake and to ensure reliable test results.
Animal research has played a vital role in a great many of the major medical advances of the last century
Animal research is necessary for the development of truly novel substances
Animal research is only used when it’s needed
Animal research is only used where other research methods are not suitable
Animal research necessitates significant harm to the animals involved
Animals and humans alike seek both private and group time throughout the day.
Animals are appropriate research subjects because they are similar to human beings in many ways.
Animals are severely harmed by research done on them.
Animals are the only choice for testing.
Animals are treated well during animal testing.
Animals can also die as a result of vegetarian diets.
Animals can suffer like humans do, so it is speciesism to experiment on them while we refrain from experimenting on humans.
Animals do not have rights, therefore it is acceptable to experiment on them.
Animals don’t have human rights
Animals don't have rights.
Animals have no interest in privacy
Animals(like humans) want moments of privacy and public exhibition
Animals often make better research subjects than human beings because of their shorter life cycles.
Animals' rights are of less moral worth than human rights
Animals shouldn’t be harmed
Animals shouldn't be put through harmful situations.
Animals themselves benefit from the results of animal testing.
Animals will still die even if everyone were to follow a vegetarian diet.
Animal testing dosen't ensure good results
Animal testing has contributed to many life-saving cures and treatments.
Animal testing is cruel and inhumane.
Animal testing significantly harms the animal used.
Animal tests are more expensive than alternative methods and are a waste of government research dollars.
Animal tests do not reliably predict results in human beings.
Animal tests may mislead researchers into ignoring potential cures and treatments.
An international research organization thinks cell phone radiation could be a caus eof cancer.
An investment is university education
Anitbiotics aren't used in vegetarian foods.
Anonymity Ensures that Campaigning Rises above Identity Attacks.
Anonymity software helps to guarantee protection for people involved in uprisings
Anti-Muslim extremists will target a Ground Zero Mosque
Any method of imposing prevention in net neutrality will be a blow to internet freedom
A part of university life is financial stress
A potential drawback of social media on societies is that it opens users up to privacy invasions by government and private entities.
Apple has a winner with iPhone, much better features than the Blackberry.
A proper marriage is between two heterosexual people of different genders.
Arts degrees limit opportunities for Universities to offer other courses
As a secular institution, marriage can not be limited to heterosexuals only based on religious ideals.
A school breakfast for all is a greater cost on schools
A school breakfast gives all students an equal start to the day
As it is not science creationism should not even be covered by the Tennessee law
As long as English is the 1st language, there is less need for foreign ones
As newspaper battle each other over credibility users turn to google for the news.
Assange is more appealed by media coverage of himself, rather than his stories.
Assange is mostly interested in self-promotion, not being a serious journalist.
Assigning homework to students improves their level of achievement
Assigning large amounts of homework isn't good for students.
At all ages drug use is reduced by the implantation of the D.A.R.E program.
At least people know what autism is now.
A true democratic mandate for the government
A university degree has far less worth than it once did
A Vegan diet would not be practical in most parts of the world
A vegetarian diet can help alleviate world hunger.
A vegetarian diet conserves water.
A vegetarian diet contributes to a healthy weight
A vegetarian diet delivers complete nutrition and can provide health benefits.
A vegetarian diet helps build healthy bones because vegetarians absorb more calcium than meat eaters.
A vegetarian diet is a healthier way to get iron than from a meat-based diet.
A vegetarian diet is better for the planet because it reduces greenhouse gases.
A vegetarian diet leads to lower greenhouse gas emissions.
A vegetarian diet lowers the risk of heart disease.
A vegetarian diet promotes a healthy weight.
A vegetarian diet provides a more healthful form of iron than a meat-based diet.
A vegetarian diet reduces overuse of antibiotics.
A vegetarian diet reduces the chances of developing kidney stones and gallstones.
A vote cast by someone who does not want to vote is unlikely to be based on careful consideration.
A voucher system increase parents' freedom of choice.
A way to overcome the recession is by putting more money into the economy.
Bad behavior may result from men when women join them in combat.
balancing common deficits of the government for society
Balancing governmental deficits for common good of society
Balancing governmental problems for society
Banning bottled water removes a healthy choice and leads to increased consumption of unhealthy sugary drinks.
Banning bottled water restrict consumers ability to obtain water.
Banning bottled water restricts consumers' access to a product they want, and negatively affects small businesses.
Banning bottled water will negatively affect businesses.
Banning bottled water would protect local water supplies
Banning bottled water would save money, and public water fountains are convenient and plentiful.
Banning electronic use would violate freedoms.
Banning Junk Food In Schools Could Decrease The Frequency Of Heart Disease
"Banning ""junk food"" is not the answer because then students will simply bring their own ""junk food"" from home."
Banning trans fats in uneconomical
Banning trans fats is not worth the money it would cost.
Banning would help create a beneficial cultural shift
Bans On Junk Food Have Been Successful
Barrier contraception can protect women from husbands with AIDS/HIV.
Barrier methods of contraception stands opposite to the Catholic Church belief system.
Battlefield Rape is a concern
Because Creationism is a valid scientific theory, it should be given equal time in teaching.
Because of this, people are now more aware about autism.
Because people are losing lives and our climate is changing
Becoming a vegetarian is healthy for the environment because people conserve more water.
Becoming vegetarian will not help alleviate world hunger.
Being able to choose freely will help rich households even more.
Being able to speak or write in a different language shows good diplomacy.
Being an adult at 18 should be all encompassing across society, including drinking.
Being a parent allows for freedom of choice.
Being a part of a social media site can increase a person's quality of life and reduce the risk of health problems.
Being outdoors is great for someone's mental wellbeing.
being too strict causes rebels
Being vegetarian helps the environment
Being vegetarian reduces risks of food poisoning
Benefit from the increase in skills through their standard of living
Better nutrition leads to a better student body.
Better nutrition leads to better students.
Better nutrition leads to more productive students.
better schools lead to better schools
Bicycles are the best mode of transport for the future
Blackberries are best for teens and up
Blocking content violates everyone's right to free speech.
Both children and their parents alike support D.A.R.E.
Bottled water costs up to 1,000 times the price of tap water
Bottled water helps travelers avoid illness in areas with unsafe taps.
Bottled water is a healthy alternative to sugar drinks.
Bottled water is a practical emergency water supply.
Bottled water is expensive.
Bottled water is good where there is a lack of healthy water
Bottled water is important for travelers to avoid illnesss.
Bottled water is not environmental friendly.
Brain function is inhibited by unhealthy foods.
Brain tumors can be linked to cell phone use.
Breakfast teaches about health
Broadcasters almost never show scenes of torture or torment because they know this will cause offence, the same principle should apply here.
Building a mosque near ground zero would contradict decisions made my muslims regarding other faiths.
"Building the ""Ground Zero Mosque"" will endanger New Yorkers because anti-Muslim extremists will target it for an attack. "
Bullies create a harmful environment.
Bullies will not understand only if you talk to them, you need actions!
Bullying behavior varies greatly and individual instances need to be taken into account.
Business women are empowered through social media.
business women can improve their life by social media
By making vaccinations mandatory, it takes away the rights of the parent.
By making voting mandatory, disadvantaged groups improve their representation.
By scrapping tuition fees social mobility would be increased
camera phones are used to harass students
Camera phones can cause harassment in schools.
Can cause diplomatic crises
"Cancelling the plans to build the ""Ground Zero Mosque"" will signal to Islamic extremists that America is anti-Muslim, which may endanger Americans and put the country at risk of a future terrorist attack. "
Can create improve racial harmony
Can only travel so far (distance-wise)
Can unite politically divided countries
Casting votes by state forces candidates to be attentive to local interests, which they would otherwise ignore in a national campaign.
Cause more people to become interested in politics
Cell phone radiation can't cause cancer.
Cell phone radiation is weak and it's not enough to cause cancer.
Cell phone radiation levels are tested and certified to remain within levels deemed safe by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).
Cell phones are  a new technology, no one knows yet if the radiation from cell phones is harmful.
Cell phones are the most dangerous distractions.
Cell Phones are worse than other distractions
Cell phones emit radiofrequency (RF) radiation, and RF radiation has been shown to damage DNA and cause cancer in laboratory animals.
Cell phone usage can be shown to cause health issues.
Cell use has been deemed safe from causing tumors.
Cell use has increased, but brain cancer has not.
Changing the wealth around to help income disparity
Cheating is made easier by cell phones.
Chess cannot ensure fair play
Chess is currently not an Olympic sport, but it should be.
Chess is highly popular and should be represented
Chess is one of the popular sport that should be represented at the Olympic.
Chess is popular worldwide and should be an Olympic sport.
Chess lacks the necessary physical activity
Chess ought to qualify as an Olympic sport
chess should be included in the list of Olympic sport
"Chidren are not their parent's ""property"""
Children are busy with school and activities and don't have time for work.
Children are too young to decide for themselves
Children are vulnerable to influences
Children can be harmed mentally and physically by physical chastisement and thus it would be illegal.
Children can learn  to change their behavior from undergoing physical discipline.
Children can use the money.
Children deserve to hear both sides of the argument over the origin of life.
Children greatly benefit when they socialize with other kids.
Children have many expenses and a job would help pay for them.
Children Held Accountable
Children in school aren't old enough to make this decision for themselves.
Children in school are to young to make such a life altering decision for themselves.
Children must be protected.
Children need to be exposed to germs
Children need to have fun
Children need to learn historical facts in order to be competitive in a global job market.
Children need to socialise with other children
children require play and fun
Children should enjoy nature by being outdoors more.
Children should have fun by going outdoors as its crucial for their wellbeing.
Children should not be designed to specifications
children should play and be innocent
Children should work because a job provides satisfaction.
Children should work because a job teaches valuable life skills.
Children should work because they need the money.
children will be exploited
Children would be caught in the crossfire
Chocolate can be as addictive as drugs.
Chocolate causing weight gain in individuals.
Chocolate energizes people.
Chocolate has great benefits for you.
Chocolate is like a drug because it is also addictive.
Chocolate, like most drugs, is addictive
Chocolate provides a quick source of energy.
choices are integral to modern civilized society
Co2 does not hold in heat!
Colleges and universities use social media to recruit and retain students.
Communities have a right to insist on Creationism when it is popular.
Communities should have a say in what is taught in schools, and many communities want to teach creationism.
Community radio evens the playing field against state and corporate broadcasters.
Community radio gives voices to the people rather than imposing those of the powerful.
Community radio is just a platform, there is nothing innately democratic about it.
Community radio just gives a megaphone to extremists.
Compelling public bodies to publish information ensures that non-citizens, minors, foreign nationals and others have access to information that affects them.
Complete nutrition and health benefits can be had with a vegetarian diet.
Compulsory breast feeding will improve pain relief availability for mothers during breast feeding.
Compulsory breast feeding will increase the support available to mothers
Compulsory breast feeding will reduce NHS costs
Compulsory breast feeding will reduce the level of child pain.
Compulsory breast feeding will result in fewer cases of post natal depression
Compulsory Immunization will create a herd immunity to protect those who cannot be vaccinated.
Compulsory physical education risks unnecessary and costly injury
compulsory studying may remove young people from the workforce
Compulsory studying would be taking young people out of the workforce
Compulsory vaccination violates the individuals’ right to bodily integrity
Compulsory vaccines are a financial relief on the health system
Compulsory voting broadens representation of disadvantaged groups
Compulsory Voting Does not enhance democracy
Compulsory voting has been implemented successfully.
Computer modelling showing 7 Global warming may not be accurate as there is no proof supporting it.
Considering the amount of data governments produce, compelling them to publish all of it would be counterproductive as citizens would be swamped.
Consuming chocolate is healthy.
Contact with foreign species are unpreventable.
Convincing is more effective than forcing.
Corporations and small businesses use social media to benefit themselves and consumers.
Corporations are by their nature amoral actors in society
Corporations are fundamentally different than individuals and have the right to influence politics differently.
Corporations give citizens a better way of life.
Corporations makes the country stronger by providing a better way of life.
Corporations support our living standards and ensure democracy and human rights are STRONGER, not WEAKER!
Countries where English is the first language don't need foreign languages
Creates a sense of equality
Creating a level playing field for all applicants to college is the best way to create diversity.
Creationism and evolution both have merits and it should be up to the children to decide which to believe in.
Creationism has theoretical answers to questions evolution can't answer.
Creationism is as valid a scientific theory as those of evolution and abiogenesis, and should therefore be given equal time in the classroom.
Creationism isn't supported by the scientific community.
Creative arts graduates are rarely well rewarded
Criminals can be caught using social media.
Criminals can use social media to commit crimes.
Criminals use social media to commit and promote crimes.
"""Crowdsourcing"" and ""crowdfunding"" on social media allows people to collectively accomplish a goal."
"""Crowdsourcing"" and ""crowdfunding"" via social media, allows people to assist in a worthy cause."
Cultures cannot determine news.
Curfews also have an important role in the protection of vulnerable children
Curfews are a good way to protect vulnerable children.
Curfews are counter-productive.
Curfews are ineffective.
Curfews compromise children's rights.
Curfews might cause just as much harm as good.
Damaging to extra-curricular activities.
D.A.R.E. causes kids to ignore legitimate information about the relative harms of drugs.
D.A.R.E. graduates do not show any long-term increase in knowledge of drugs, attitudes about drug use, social skills, or attitudes toward the police.
D.A.R.E. has  an excellent plan that should be pursued no matter the costs
D.A.R.E. has attainable goals that outweigh the costs
D.A.R.E. has great goals that should be pursued regardless of cost or efficacy.
D.A.R.E. has the backing of the SAMHSA
D.A.R.E. improves decision making and attitudes toward drug use.
D.A.R.E. improves relations between kids, school, and law enforcement
D.A.R.E. improves social interaction between police officers, students, and schools.
D.A.R.E. is a certified and proven program that can help people
D.A.R.E. is a good way to educate kids about drug use
"D.A.R.E. is a ""potentially harmful therapy"" that violates the Hippocratic Oath. "
D.A.R.E. is associated with increased drug use.
"D.A.R.E. is certified as an ""evidence-based substance abuse prevention program"" by the US Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA). "
D.A.R.E. is popular with kids and parents.
dare is potentially harmful
dare violates the Hippocratic Oath
"D.A.R.E. violates the Hippocratic Oath by it's ""potentially harmful therapy""."
Dark chocolate has positive health benefits.
Daylight savings allows for more light hours in the day
Daylight savings promotes safety with the extra hours of daylight
Daylight Savings Time bringing with it some undesirable cost components.
Daylight savings time is expensive in us
Daylight Saving Time (DST) Is Bad for Your Health.
Daylight Saving Time's (DST) Longer Daylight Hours Promote Safety
Definition of a large scale cyber attack is extremely vague
Delivering funding via a graduate tax is the best way to encourage more students to enter higher education
Democracy is based on the freedom to vote or not.
Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory and creates a second class of citizens.
Detrimental to womens rights
Direct-to-consumer (DTC) drug ads misinform patients.
Direct-to-consumer (DTC) prescription drug ads encourage people to seek medical advice from health professionals.
Disabled and special-needs students are not accounted for with school vouchers
Disadvantage groups are better represented when voting in mandatory.
Diseases and medical conditions are more likely to be treated when consumers see DTC prescription drug ads.
Diseases of a sex-specific and generic nature are avoidable.
Does not encourage activity, social life, and is distracting.
Doing a good job provides satisfaction to workers, including children.
Drug addiction is a disease that deserves the same compassionate care that cancer patients receive.
Drug addiction isn't the addict's fault.
Drug addicts suffer from a disease.
Drugs that pass animal tests are not necessarily safe.
Drug testing without probable cause is invasive.
DST brings with it additional risks for the population's health
DST Is Expensive.
DTC prescription drug ads are banned in every country but the United States and New Zealand.
DTC prescription drug ads create revenue for drug companies, which can be used for research & development (R&D) to create new life-changing drugs.
DTC prescription drug ads encourage over-medication.
DTC prescription drug ads help remove the stigma associated with certain diseases and medical conditions.
DTC prescription drug ads increase health care costs.
DTC prescription drug ads inform patients about diseases/medical conditions and possible treatments.
DTC prescription drug ads promote drugs before long-term safety information is known.
DTC prescription drug ads should be allowed as protected free speech.
DTC relieves the fear of lack of knowledge about diseases and medical conditions
due to administrators not being on board with the D.A.R.E program and the school partners departing, revanue has decreased.
Due to physical difference between men and women, it's ok to have some positive discrimination towards women.
Due to the relatively recent adoption of cell phones, the long-term safety of the technology cannot be determined conclusively and caution is warranted.
Duty to protect the child
Eating a vegetarian diet can lead to less hunger around the world.
Eating junk food can be detrimental to bone health.
Eating junk food can make it more likely to receive a diagnosis of diabetes.
Eating junk food leads to obesity.
Eating meat has been an essential part of human evolution for 2.3 million years.
Eating meat increases the risk of getting type 2 diabetes.
Eating meat is not cruel or unethical; it is a natural part of the cycle of life.
Eating meat is part of the cycle of life.
Eating meat provides a better source of iron than a vegetarian diet.
Eating meat provides healthy saturated fats, which enhance the function of the immune and nervous systems.
Eating More Meat is Linked to Higher Risk of Type 2
Eating too much chocolate makes you fat.
Economic growth is not associated with implementation of gender quotas.
Education should be about truth and facts, not dogma and faith.
Education should be open to all.
Education that is forced does little.
Education through online resources is a good learning tool.
Electronic communication facilitates sexual misconduct.
Elementary, middle and high school students are not abstaining from drugs at all with D.A.R.E. program.
Employees are constantly losing their focus due to social media.
Employees should not waste time on social networking sites.
employers can search social media for new empolyees
Ending the use of bottled water would save local water supplies.
Energy demands are increasing
Enough students have been tortured by the recession.
Ensuring net neutrality represents excessive government regulation and control over business.
Equality Between the Sexes
Equality in the sexes is of vital importance.
Equality of opportunity
Equality of opportunity between richer and poorer children
EU gender quotas have promoted gender equality in executive boards, creating an environment suited to producing high performance results, ultimately benefiting the greater economy of the member state
EU Should Push Forward Equality for All of its Citizens Regardless of Sexuality
Even religious and conservative communities will benefit from mandatory sex education
Even though a vocal group of religious people disagrees with gay marriage, there is a growing number of religious leaders who support it and can back up their opinions with scripture.
Eventhough some chocolates has been found to be good for your health, too much could have negative effects.
Every individual has the right to higher education.
Everyone deserves the equal opportunities presented by free universities.
Everyone has the right to free speech including teachers.
Everyone should have access to education.
Everyone should have the resources to live a healthy, productive life.
Evolution cannot answer irreducible complexity like Creationism can.
Evolution is allowed to be explored along with other theories.
Exactly, the key success for entrepreneurship is not only the experience of entrepreneur, it  include knowledge, Leadership, Communication, Ability to learn, Opportunities, and especially  creativity and innovation. All successful entrepreneurs, start out
Examinations cannot really be a fair way to test our knowledge due to too many flaws.
Examinations do not show if someone has truly acquired certain knowledge.
examinations do not show true knowledge
examinations do not show what true knowledge is.
Exclusive content and internet speeds can be prevented with net neutrality.
Executive boards are becoming more gender-equal, which has helped shape professional cultures that are gender sensitive and performance driven, increasing their overall contribution to the member state's economy
Expelling a child will make them worse.
Exploring other planets should come after focusing on fixing the problems of the planet we currently live on.
Exposing non-smokers to second-hand smoke goes against their rights.
Faith-based Creationism shouldn't be taught in schools because they must be fact-based, s abiogenesis and evolution are.
Farming meat can produce less pollution than companies that process vegetarian proteins like tofu.
Federal Communications Commission certified that cell phone radiation isn't dangerous.
Female role models are needed urgently to raise aspirations among young women and change parliamentary practices
Female role models need to give hope to the desires of young women and change parliamentary practices.
Female role models need to help young women achieve higher aspiration to change parliamentary practices.
Feminism Has Plenty More To Achieve
Feminist causes don't appeal to women, but feminism is still necessary.
Financial model of online courses is unsustainable
Financial stress are a part of university life
financial stress is part of university life
Focusing on uniforms takes attention away from finding genuine solutions to problems in education.
Focusing so much on test preparation takes away from other skills that students could be developing.
For a student to pay tuition fees plus books living and other costs is too expensive
Forced education achieves little
Foreign languages aren't needed in English speaking countries
For optimum nervous and digestive health, b12 from meat is ideal.
For the quality of education given it is a small price to pay.
Fostering a context that promotes contraception is contrarian stance to God.
Free breakfasts for school children ensures a healthy start equally for all.
Freedom of press makes the government more transparent
Freedom of speech should apply to teachers as much as anyone else
Freedoms would be limited with this law.
Free speech is a right that should be allowed online.
Free universities would promote equal opportunities, a right all deserve.
Free university education can unjustly give benefits to some in society at other peoples' expense.
Free university education unjustly benefits one subset of society at the expense of everyone
Free university provides equal opportunities to all which is a right of individuals.
From a logical standpoint same sex marriage is illogical.
Further campaign finance reform is simply unrealistic and too ambitious.
Gay couples should be able to take advantage of the fiscal and legal benefits of marriage
Gay marriage is contrary to the word of God and is incompatible with the beliefs, sacred texts, and traditions of many religious groups.
Gay marriage is good for society
Gay marriages can bring financial gain to federal, state, and local governments and can help boost the economy.
Gay marriage will not be a positive boost to the institution of marriage.
Gay marriage would improve all marriages.
gay people should be able to marry
Gay people should have the same human rights as Heterosexuals
gay should not be refused to marry
gays should be able to use thier rights
Gender equality is based on fundamental human rights endorsed by the EU which needs to be addressed
Gender quotas and increasing numbers of women workers continue to push EU member states' GDPs higher
Gender quotas are proving to have significant advantages as more women are seeking education and increasing their economic potentials as they enter the job market.
Gender selection will prevent incidents of infanticide
Getting married is supposed to involve sharing your life with somebody
Getting the word out about how to vote on social media gives more people the chance to participate.
Gives large amount of instant energy
Giving money to beggars brings them some joy.
Giving money to beggars does not change their core situation and it would be better to give that money to an organization that can change it.
Global temperatures have always been changing despite Co2 increases
GLT is used across a range of other sports
God condemns gay marriage in the Bible and it is not supported by a lot of churches.
Going back on this rule would promote casual sex
Good food helps create better students
Good food is better for students
Good nutrition can be provided effectively to our children at school.
Google dependency is risky business
Google promotes what makes it money so dependence on it for reliable information has risks.
Google throttles some information so depending on it is risky.
Google wins as newspapers battle
Government contracts can change the software industry for the better.
Governments can re-define industry standards by choosing open source software.
Government should focus on the most needy
Government would incur too much of an expense in the long run using open source software.
Graduates may move abroad to avoid tax payments
Graduates of dare are not more equipped to handle alcohol and drug use than others
Grammar schools allow disadvantaged children access to excellent education.
Guns in schools might be used in circumstances other than defense.
Habits Are Often Formed During Childhood And It's Important To Ensure That Kids Eat A Healthy Diet In School
Harmful to others around them
Harming animals is a bad thing.
Hate crime enhancements are an attack on free speech
Hate crime enhancements can help emphasize tolerance and inter-community relations
Hate crime enhancements cause inter-community tensions
Hate crime enhancements help prevent hate crimes
Hate groups use social media to get their message out there.
Health and safety officers can quickly and easily provide important information to the public when needed.
Healthcare has been recognised as a right
Health care professionals may feel pressured by DTC prescription drug ads to prescribe drugs that may not be in the best interest of the patient.
Healthy risks associated with DLS
Healthy weight can be achieved with a vegetarian diet
Heart disease can be caused by junk food.
Heterosexuals shouldn't enjoy greater rights than homosexuals.
Higher education is the right of all.
Higher taxes encourage tax avoidance
Historical facts can be established to a sufficient degree to be taught to schoolchildren
History is a good thing to teach to schoolchildren if taught the right way,
history is an important subject
History is a useful subject because it teaches useful skills.
History is something that people need to know.
History lessons can be used as state-sponsored propaganda, distorting the events of the past
History offers knowledge that coincides with other subjects
history repeats itself if not known
History should always have a place in the schoolroom because it is vital to an understanding of why things are the way they are.
History should be taught to school-children, they form an integral part of understanding oneself and one's nation
History teaches useful skills applicable in other areas of education and life
History teaching will reflect the erroneous preconceptions and aims of those who set the curriculum
Homework allows parents to be involved with their child's learning
Homework allows students to explore and learn beyond the instruction they are given in the classroom.
Homework can get parents involved
Homework disadvantages low-income students
Homework doesn't help low-income students succeed.
Homework ensures that students practise what they are taught at school
Homework has little educational worth, and therefore is a waste of students' time
Homework helps involve parents
Homework helps parents understand what their children are learning.
Homework helps to reinforce learning and develop good study habits and life skills
Homework improves student achievement
Homework is an essential part of education, allowing students to learn information beyond that which they are taught at school.
Homework is beneficial because of parent/child involvement
Homework is crucial to a well rounded education as it is the means by which students are encouraged to learn beyond the school curriculum.
Homework is good for learning
homework is good for students
Homework is good to create study habits
Homework provides a link between child, school and the home
Homework puts students off learning
Homework teaches good habits and responsibility
Homosexuals should have the same rights as straight people.
Homosexuals would Change the Institution of Marriage for the Better
How to Save a Life
How Would One Know a System of Rehabilitation Is Really Working
Human anatomy has evolved to support a primarily vegetarian diet.
Humanity in many ways defines itself through exploration, and space is the next logical frontier
Human judgement is never without prejudice which makes technology more reliable.
Human Rights would be violated if people with HIV were labeled
Humans benefit from us seeing wildlife documentaries.
Humans can choose their own nutrition plan
Human's rights are a more important consideration than animal rights.
If education is free, students may put in less effort and get less out of it
If free university education is offered then it can give benefits to some in the social system while causing an expense to others.
If gay couples don't get married it means they lose benefits through the legalization of gay marriage.
If gay marriage is banned, there is likely to be increased rates of psychological disorders.
"If ""junk food"" is banned, students will simply bring their own food to school."
If made illegal, prostitution will move to an underground black market.
If people are forced to vote, they will not have the information needed to vote intelligently.
If people became vegetarian, greenhouse gases would reduce.
If taught properly, historical facts can be taught to schoolchildren without problems.
If teachers shoot a gun children will be killed
If there are meat-free options available, it is brutal and immoral to kill animals for food
If the scheme leaves out any children it is not worth it.
If used correctly they can diminish interruptions.
If used in a controlled manner they will make the school day more trouble-free.
If used in the right way, yes. They can keep things moving.
If we do not allow women in combat we are missing out on a whole demographic of potential valuable recruits.
If we want Parliament to be truly representative of our society, we must use positive discrimination to increase the number of female members
If women want the equal benefits with men they must be willing to do the same things.
If you are not careful, sexting can be a start of criminal activity.
If you are not using drugs, a drug test is not invasive.
If you can die for your country, you should be trusted to drink.
If you can drive a lethal weapon (moterized vehicle) why cant you drink?
If you can fight for your country in Iraq, why can't you have a beer?
If you have nothing to hide a random drug test is not a big deal.
If you need a local part-time job than post it to social media.
Ignorance about sex is the primary cause of the spread of sexually transmitted diseases (STDs)
Illnesses would be discovered early on enabling better treatment.
"Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf, the spiritual leader of the proposed ""Ground Zero Mosque,"" is a radical Islamist who has refused to call Hamas a terrorist organization and has laid blame on the US for the Sep. 11 attacks. "
Imposes extra costs on education system.
Improving racial harmony is one of the benefits of sports.
In a civilised society, there should be plenty of choice
In addition to health benefits, a vegetarian diet also gives you everything your body needs.
In all areas of education the D.A.R.E program helps to lower drug use.
In areas with bad drinking water we should use bottled water.
Increased drug use is associated with dare
Increased traffic as a result of the prohibition of cars
Increasing numbers of women workers due to gender quotas has increased the GDP in many EU countries
Increasing oil costs make this the best time to be focussing on alternative energies
Increasing parents' freedom of choice
Increasing social mobility by scrapping tuition fees
Individuality and creativity should be encouraged
Individual Responsibility
Individuals do not feel safe in the hostile environments created by bullies.
Individuals have a right to eat meat if they want to.
Individuals have a right to equal opportunities that free university provides.
Individuals have a right to the experience of higher education
Individuals have the right to refuse vaccinations.
Industry standards can be re-defined by governments choice to use open source software.
Infighting among newspapers has led to a boom for google information.
Information about diseases, medical conditions and treatments come from DTC
In many countries it would not be practical to have foreign languages as mandatory.
In marriage, both members of the couple should be willing to share their lives.
Innovation often requires the use of animal research.
Innovation would slow.
In order to change parliamentary practices it is urgent to have female role models to raise aspirations among young women.
In our new reality communication and the media have classified Assange simply as a journalist giving information to the people.
In some cases bottled water is useful.
Instead of decreasing drug use, D.A.R.E is linked with increased drug use.
Institutions should focus on hiring people on the skills they possess, not their gender to ensure a positive economic impact.
Integrating women into male combat units can cause men to behave badly
In the future, the economy will rely on those with more education.
in the long run children are better off with rules and restrictions
In the long run, D.A.R.E. graduates are no better off in regards to attitudes about drug use, social skills or attitudes toward the police.
Introducing chess would preserve the spirit of the ancient Olympic Games
Invaluable for aid in natural disasters/famine
Invaluable for travellers in areas with unsafe tap water
Investigative reporting by the media holds the justice system accountable
iPhone is great tech.
Iron from a vegetarian diet is healthier than from a meat-based diet.
Iron from meat is often cited as better than vegetables.
Is daylight savings time worth the extra expense
It causes tooth decay.
It causes weight gain
It contributes to the sense of school's unity
It costs too much money to support universal healthcare.
It costs too much to send people into space for only limited short term gain
It creates stereotypes and tensions within society
It does not address the underlying issues
It ends the patient life because he/she is already terminally ill
It has been proven that Vegetarians Live Longer
It has been vital for humans to eat meat for over 2 million years.
I think iron from meat eating is healthier than the vegetarian way.
It is a means of vocalizing support for uprisings and liberty at a remove, preventing the backlash of direct intervention
It is a moral imperative to constantly seek to expand the boundaries of knowledge
It is a parental right to decide about vaccinations for a child
It is appropriate for a mosque to be built near Ground Zero because one existed on floor 17 of the South Tower of the World Trade Center and was destroyed in the 9/11 attacks.
It is a small price to pay for the quality of education given.
It is best for children to be at home in the evening.
It is best to have prostitution legal and regulated, as being made illegal won't stop it.
It is better for them in the long run
It is cruel and unethical to kill animals for food when vegetarian options are available.
It is deplorable and unconscionable to take the life of an animal for food when one has a choice to eat vegetarian meals
It is discriminatory to refuse gay couples the right to marry
It is easier to cheat on an exam with a cell phone.
It is easy to act in an inappropriate manner with electronic communications.
It is fair to give rewards to teachers based upon results they achieve.
It is fair to reward teachers on the actual results they achieve.
It is immoral that some have nothing and a few others are enormously wealthy.
It is immoral to kill animals
It is important that we preserve the Arctic.
It is impossible to know whether or not beggars will spend money given to them on things that will hurt them.
It is in man's nature to explore his environment.
It is Men, Not Women, who are Disadvantaged in our Society
It is necessary for people to understand the extent of criminal activity in order for them to coordinate an effective response
It is not a right to drink when you are 18 years old.
It is not cruel or wrong to raise animals to be eaten.
It is not necessary to become vegetarian to lower our environmental footprint.
It is not possible for examinations to show all the knowledge that someone has acquired.
It is optimum for a child to be safely at home in the evening.
It is premature to judge that cell phone radiation is dangerous. More time is needed to study this issue.
It is right to treated women differently than men in some cases.
It is the duty of every citizen to vote.
It is the duty of the state to protect children.
It is the responsibility of journalists to report on both the powerful and oppressed.
It is the state’s duty to protect its community
It is time to make higher education more affordable.
It is to expensisive for a student to pay tution fee plus books, living and other costs
It is too expensive for a student to pay books living tuition fees and other costs
It is unfair to reward teachers for results they can’t influence
It is unrealistic to believe campaign finance can be further reformed.
It is unreasonable to expect that compulsory voting could be financed and verified.
It is wrong (and illiberal) to legislate how anyone should raise their child.
It promotes dental problems.
It reduces the spread of diseases
It's a good idea to teach history since kids can learn useful skills they can use throughout their lives.
It's a model that works
It's free to 18
It’s free to 18 … how much more do you want!?
Its harmful to the environment
It should be social policy to make teaching careers more desirable
It's not economical to ban trans fats.
It's possible for the software industry to be benefited by government contracts.
It's ridiculous to abolish a good service based on inability to afford.
It was proven the b12 from meat is helps the nervous and digestive system.
It will attract more teachers
It will cause more people to become interested in politics
It will create uncritical 'learning drone' students.
It will discourage people from getting a higher education.
It will facilitate world food distribution
It will give teachers an incentive to improve their teaching.
It will increase the tension and the gap between rich and poor.
It will reduce the power of special interest groups
It would be a detriment as it is so expensive to advertise.
It would be appropriate for Chess to become an Olympic sport.
It would be difficult to prevent the unintentional shooting of children in the crossfire.
It would be extremely difficult to police and finance mandatory voting.
It would be unfair to reward teachers for results they cannot influence.
It would not solve the violence of prostitution.
It would take citizens too long to go through all of the government data so they only produce what is necessary for understanding.
Job-seekers may find work with social media sites.
Joining the Military is a good option as a career.
Journalism must cover experiences of all members of a society, the rich and the poor, the powerful and oppressed.
Journalism should report the experiences of the vulnerable and oppressed just as much as those of the elite and powerful.
Journalists should be differed by the quality of their work, and Assange has proved that.
Journalists should care more about their stories than getting their names in the paper.
Junk Food Can Cause Obesity
Junk Food Can Have Negative Affects On Bone Health
Junk food can hinder the brain's performance.
Junk Food Can Increase The Risk Of Diabetes
Junk food has been associated with poor bone health.
"""Junk food"" revenues provide schools with much needed financial assistance."
“Junk food” sales are an important source of funding for schools.
Just because drug users deserve compassion doesn't mean we should like them in their drug addicted state.
Kids aren't waiting until 21 now, they already don't care about the law.
Kids deserve some freedom.
Kids in dare ignore legitimate information about drugs and alcohol
Kids need time to do many different kinds of activities.
Kids regardless of gender should be taught in school together.
Kids seem to be ignorant of the harmful effects of drugs after engaging in the D.A.R.E project.
Kids tend to ignore the important information that D.A.R.E. gives them in regards to the harm that drugs can cause.
Kids will drink when they want, making it legal will reduce petty crimes.
Kids with overly strict parents are under a lot of pressure.
Kids with strict parents are more likely to rebel.
labeling damage human rights
labeling of hiv demean a person's right
Labeling of people with HIV is against Human Rights
Labelling is against human rights
Lack of scientific understanding
Language acquisition is no less vital than competence in mathematics and english
Law enforcement uses social media to catch and prosecute criminals.
Lean red meat can be healthy
Lean red meat, eaten in moderation, can be a healthful part of a balanced diet.
Lean red meat is not necessarily unhealthy
Learning a language is a sign of good diplomacy.
Learning languages promotes understanding of other cultures
Legalisation Can Be A Part of a Wider Education Program
Legalised prostitution still victimises the vulnerable.
Legalization has benefits for society
Legalization would free up resources that could be devoted to eliminating sex trafficking
Legalized prostitution would protect sex workers from abuse and educate them about STDs.
"Legalizing gay marriage advances the ""homosexual agenda"" and unfairly paints opponents as bigots. "
"Legalizing gay marriage could lead down a ""slippery slope,"" giving people in polygamous, incestuous, bestial, and other nontraditional relationships the right to marry. "
Legalizing gay marriage is a stepping stone toward disgusting and harmful marriage practices such as incestuous, bestial and child marriages.
Legalizing gay marriage often leads to an end to domestic partnership benefits for gay and straight couples, which disadvantages couples who choose not to get married.
Legalizing gay marriage will not harm the institution of marriage, and same-sex marriages may even be more stable than heterosexual marriages.
Legalizing marriage by gays leads to the oppression of those who are against the practice.
Legalizing prostitution opposes women's rights.
Legalizing prostitution will result pornographic advertisements.
Legalizing prostitution would exacerbate the HIV problem.
Legal marriage is a secular institution that should not be limited by religious objections to same-sex marriage.
Less incentive to study at university
Like cell phones, other devices including radios, televisions, cordless phones, and pagers all safely transmit signals using RF radiation.
Little is accomplished when education is forced.
Local water supplies would benefit from the banning of bottled water.
Longer periods of daylight hours assist in a calmer, safer community.
Lots of scientists agree.
Lowering MLDA 21 to 18 will irresponsibly allow a greater segment of the population to drink alcohol in bars and nightclubs, which are not safe environments.
Lowering MLDA 21 would be good for the economy.
Lowering MLDA 21 would be medically irresponsible.
Lowering MLDA 21 would give high schoolers and even middle schoolers easier access to alcohol.
Lowering the age to drink will make it less interesting since everyone can do it.
Lowering the age will cut down on young adults drinking
Lowering the drinking age is a bad idea.
Lowering the drinking age will invite more use of illicit drugs among 18-21 year olds.
Lowering the drinking age would allow younger people to go to more unsafe places.
Low-income students are at a disadvantage when it comes to homework.
Mainstream media should not be censored it is our right to know what is happening in the world,
Maintaining a system of free university education leads to an inefficient allocation of state resources.
Maintaining methods of free university education takes away resources from programs that are more useful to the population
makes a sense of equality
Making autism 'popular' caused a rise in self-diagnosis
Making everything free to access will damage universities ability to tap private funding
Making new friends and improving relationships is a perk of social media.
Making school uniforms mandatory creates a sense of equality since everyone will be wearing the same clothes.
Making university education compulsory would take young people out of the workforce.
Male and female equality is vital to society.
Males Still Dominate the Top Positions
Manned space exploration is prohibitively expensive while providing limited spin-off benefits:
Manned space flight, and the new worlds it would serve to unlock, are essential to the long-term survival of humanity
Manned space flight excites the human imagination more than unmanned missions, allowing members of nations everywhere to see themselves as part of the same human race
Manned space flight is a technological dead end
Manned space flights help inspire faith in the human race on a global scale instead of just one particular nation
Many alternative remedies, such as homeopathy, offer nothing but a false hope and can discourage patients from consulting a doctor with what may be serious symptoms
many companies get accurate results without testing on animals
Many don't 'use' their degree after graduating, yet still end up in huge debt
Many don’t ‘use’ their degree after graduating, yet still end up in huge debt
Many individuals report to have seen some groups of hate using social media.
Many people use social media to bully people.
Many religious leaders and churches support gay marriage and say it is consistent with scripture.
Many religious traditions endorse physical discipline.
Many scientists think it does
Many women who have nothing become prostitutes to survive
Many young people talk sexually through social media.
Markets in sexual services can respect sexual autonomy
Markets in sexual services can serve legitimate needs
Markets in sexual services undermine the values of commitment and loyalty
Markets in sex would corrupt non-market sexual relations, turning women and girls into commodities
Marriage is about more than procreation, therefore gay couples should not be denied the right to marry due to their biology.
Marriage is an internationally recognized human right for all people.
Marriage is an outmoded, oppressive institution that should be weakened, not expanded.
Marriage is a religious institution, and the major world religions frown upon homosexuality
Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples because they cannot produce children together.
Marriage is not something we should encourage or support.
Marriage means an  a voluntary equal sharing of your life with your partner.
Marriage provides both physical and psychological health benefits, and banning gay marriage increases rates of psychological disorders.
Marriage should be between a man and a woman
Mastering a language shows good negotiation abilities.
"""Materialistic"" by whose standards - and why would technology make people more materialistic than what they already are?  "
Mathematics is a niche subject
Mathematics is pointless for the un-mathematically minded, the extreme right-brained, and the creative etc.
Maths is too wide a discipline.
Matrimony is a bond between man and woman only.
Meat consumption should be reduced, but does NOT need to be eradicated
Meat is the best source of vitamin B12, a vitamin necessary to nervous and digestive system health.
Meat is the most convenient protein source available.
Meat is the most readily available protein.
Medical breakthroughs can be achieved without doing any scientific or commercial experiment on animals
Medical breakthroughs involving animal research may still have been made without the use of animals.
Men may behave inappropriately if women are in their unit.
Men still obtain the best positions.
Mental stimulation and physical exercise need to have the proper balance in children.
Mercy killing can reduce disease spread
Mind sports are some of the world's oldest and most contested competitive sports.
Mind sports have been around for centuries and are competitive.
Mind sports is the oldest and most highly competitive sports.
MLDA 18 is not a right.
MLDA 21 exerts valuable social pressure on potential underage drinkers and those who may serve them.
MLDA 21 helps prevent underage binge drinking.
MLDA 21 is largely ineffective because teens consume regardless.
Money is better used to help human lives in their own country
More educational resources can be made available through social media.
More education brings more opportunities
More languages should be taught to help solve the problem, instead of less.
More money will pumped into the economy, helping to overcome the recession.
More nuclear plants are needed to deal with energy deficit concerns
More school children would be a hardship on the government.
More women are attending college and entering the professional job market due to gender quotas that are proving economically advantageous for EU member states
More women in the labour market leads to higher GDP
Most animals can suffer more than some people
Most animals that are used in scientific testing have better lives.
Most beverage have plastic containers so banning plastic water bottles is not the answer.
Most find that meat is a very convenient source of protein.
Most parents and educators support mandatory school uniforms.
Most universities are publically funded so should have to be open with their materials.
Most universities are supported by government funds, so they should have to make their course material open.
Much of the complexity of life cannot be explained by evolution, but is perfectly explained by Creationism.
Much of the snobbery about Valentines Day comes from those who have no-one to spend it with
Much time can be wasted on social networking sites.
Muslims have the same right to build a house of worship in Lower Manhattan and to pray for the victims of 9/11 as any other group.
Nationalistic sentiment and antagonism are fueled by the 'space race.'
Nationalistic sentiment (and antagonism) is powered by the space race.
Nature encourages mental wellbeing
Nature Suggests That Same Sex Marriage is Illogical
Negative health consequences can be a potential negative with the arrival of Daylight Savings Time.
Neither individuals nor corporations should be permitted to make unlimited contributions
net neutrality can create burdens
net neutrality can create problems
Net neutrality created burdensome and overreaching regulations to govern the internet
Net neutrality hampers usage of the internet
Net neutrality helps preserve democracy and free speech
Net neutrality in a democratic society will provide a free and open internet
Net neutrality is good because it stops the select groups from overcharging for exlcusvie content.
net neutrality is good for competing
Net neutrality is required to preserve the existing structure of the internet.
Net neutrality like in democracy , will develop and preserve democracy and free speech.
Net neutrality maintains a free market and even playing field
Net neutrality makes the internet less enjoyable.
Net neutrality preserves free speech on the internet by prohibiting internet service providers from blocking content
Net neutrality prevents monoploy.
net neutrality promotes competition
Net neutrality promotes competition by providing a level playing field for new companies
Net neutrality protects consumers by preventing ISPs from speeding, slowing, or charging higher fees for select online content
Net neutrality protects free speech from internet service provider threats
Net neutrality provides a level playing field for everyone.
Net neutrality provides for the free circulation of data and services.
Net neutrality reduces investment in internet services resulting in less access and higher costs for consumers
Net neutrality regulations are unnecessary because the internet developed amazingly well in their absence
Net neutrality will protect the consumer from fee changes
Networks should not show offensive material.
News organizations don't send out classified information, and real journalists don't leak that.
No, because students will be distracted
No, can you imagine the ADS on TV?
No government in any democratically set up country should prevent net neutrality as it violates the principles of freedom
No harm to non-drug users
no matter what sexuality all should be able to marry
No one knows how long earth will last for, so it makes sense to look into exploring other planets
Normal conditions and bodily functions are medicalized and stigmatized by DTC prescription drug ads.
No. Students will spend less time on their studies.
Not all skills are best learnt in a classroom environment.
not everyone is good academically
Not everyone is good at studying
Not everyone will succeed in learning languages even if compulsory.
No, the schools have phones, the students can use those.
No. They create too much temptation to not focus on school work.
No way to prevent attempts at contact.
No. We give that money to organizations that work on remedying the root cause of homelessness.
No. We should be that money to organizations that work on remedying the root cause of homelessness.
Nuclear energy has no impact on carbon emissions
Nuclear energy use makes very little difference to CO2 emissions
Nuclear energy will not change carbon emissions in the atmosphere
Number 2 is a lie, there ARE alternatives to animal testing! Other companies use them, and animal testing doesnt prove anything, because although close, they arent people.
Numerous peer-reviewed studies have shown an association between cell phone use and the development of brain tumors.
Nutrition is the parents responsibility
Obesity can shut normal body functions.
Obesity is a disease that results in suboptimal body functioning.
Obesity is caused by junk food.
Obesity, like other diseases, impairs the normal functioning of the body.
Objectification of women’s bodies
of course they should
Offline Shopping Is Safer
Olympic sports are suppose to be physical
Once elected, politicians do what they want, so why vote?
One benefit of private schools is that they financially help state schools
One drawback of social media is that it quickly facilitates the spread of rumors and falsities.
One needs to look at the specific bullying behavior.
One of the residual advantages of DST is enhancement of a safe environment.
One problematic outcome is that higher taxes trigger tax avoidance.
One problem with private schools is that they lack diversity
One technological dead end is manned space flight.
Online courses are a way to higher academic excellence
Online courses are more convenient for students than traditional university
Online courses broadens access to education
Online courses offer more flexibility in schedules
Online courses undermine live communication with professors and other students
Online courses undermine society life of the university
Online courses would allow universities to use more resources on teaching and research
Online education is a valuable way to learn.
Online education is great
Online Shopping Doesn’t Require You To Drive
Online shopping is fast.
Online Shopping Takes Less Time
Only in the case of an emergency situation.
Only well-off families will benefit from increased freedom of choice
Opening up resources to free access can be damaging to universities
Opening up the Olympics for borderline sports is bad in itself
Openness benefits all parties involved, including research and the economy
Openness benefits research and the economy
Openness is widely beneficial
Open source software can help the government re-define the industry.
Open source software is more adaptable to government needs.
Open source software is more expensive for governments in the long run.
Open source software is too costly int he long run for governments.
Open source software undermines national security.
Opens up education
Opportunities are influenced by education
Other methods of justice work far better than rehabilitation
Other places have successfully introduced compulsory voting.
Other policies exist that are more beneficial to the economy than gender quotas.
Other types of beverages have plastic containers that are more harmful than plastic water bottles, and bans don't necessarily reduce waste.
Our bodies were not designed for a vegan diet
Our children and their children deserve the Arctic to be saved.
Our constitution  is based on the idea that all people are equal and thus getting married is a civil right.
Our healthcare system would take a financial hit creating more expense.
Parental Responsibility
Parents are their child's voice.
Parents cannot be guaranteed to provide a suitable amount of sex education
parents can set boundaries but kids do what they will
parents do not own their children
Parents have a right to dress their children.
Parents have the right to choose.
Parents have the right to make the decision about vaccinations for their children.
Parents must not give up their voice.
Parents should be free to choose their children's clothes without government interference.
Parents should have freedom of choice
Parents should provide a nutritious breakfast to their children every morning before they arrive at school
Parliament must be representative of our society and that requires a substantial increase in the number of women which only positive discrimination can achieve
Participation in sport promotes a healthy lifestyle
Patens are grossly inefficient.  Our Plan Rewards Results
Patents Cost Lives, our Plan Saves Them
Patents on ARVs prevent drug companies from collaborating in the search for a cure for AIDS
Patents Stifle Innovation on Life-Saving drugs. Our Plan Embraces it
Patients having access to this advertising would bring early awareness to their illness resulting in better treatment.
Patients receive information from DTC about diseases, medical conditions and treatments.
Patients will be better informed than under the status quo
Patients would be better educated then they are currently.
Paying for educations is good
Paying for their education gives students sovereignty and responsibility for it
paying for their educations helps
Pays for common programs
People are given voice through community radio versus the voice of the powerful being imposed .
People are losing their lives because of climate change.
People are more aware about autism now.
People can choose their sexual consumption.
"People can come together to accomplish a goal through ""crowdsourcing"" and ""crowdfunding"" on social media websites."
People can conserve water by becoming a vegetarian.
People can improve relationships and make new friends with social media.
People can not be allowed to drink until they are 21.
People can only make free choices if they want to, not because the state makes them
People can suffer, but most animals can suffer more.
People do not have to stop eating meat to improve environmental conditions.
People find that life is worth living with religion.
People forced to vote are unlikely to vote intelligently.
People getting a higher education will be discouraged.
People have a right to eat meat or anything else that they want to.
People have a right to equal chance that is provided by free university education.
People have a right to have a higher education.
People have fought for civil rights and same sex marriage is a civil right.
People may think all Autistic people are geniuses  after seeing Rain Man
People need to be given the basic understanding of the criminal activity happening to fashion a proper response to it.
People now may be inclined to believe that all autistic people are geniuses.
People rebel from rules and do what they want anyway
People's bodies are there own, and they have the right to refuse to be vaccinated.
People think(sometimes wrongly) that ALL Autistic persons are geniuses
People want to go to space because it helps excite their imagination
People who don't have Valentines are usually the ones who despise it.
People who eat meat are not harming the environment.
People who eat meat live just as long as vegetarians.
People who enjoy a standard of living that allows them to be healthy and productive will decrease drug abuse.
people who may not have many friends can use social media to get more
People will be discouraged and not want to get a higher education.
People without a partner on Valentines Day are usually the who think it's overhyped.
People would be more inclined to make healthier food choices.
People would definitely think twice about their selection of food.
Personality and Expressing yourself
Physical chastisement is justified when used for disciplining.
Physical chastisement isn't an effective disciplinary tool
Places unfair burden on students.
Policing and financing the system is unmanageable
Policy should not be dictated by religion
Poor families would be helped far more by investment in education and healthcare
Positive association with alcohol
Positive discrimination for women is discrimination
Positive discrimination takes away voters' freedom of choice by limiting their choices to women
Positive discrimination towards women should be allowed
Positive discrimination towards women should not be allowed
Positive economic impact is only possible if institutions hire people on the basis of skill not gender.
Positive engagement would be more effective than curfews.
Pre-selection of gender uses expensive medical care for frivolous purposes
Prevent drug use
Prevent Prostitution From Going Underground
Prioritising prevention hasn’t worked
Private schools are financially beneficial for state schools
Private schools are financially good for the state
Private schools aren't diverse
Private schools aren't necessarily good for the child.
Private schools can also be good for state schools
Private schools create competition
Private schools don't have unique demographics
Private schools encourage elitism
Private Schools inhibit reform of the public system
Private schools lack diversity
Private schools one on one time with individual teacher and student enables better results in the long run.
Private schools provide individual time for students and teachers for best results.
Processed vegetarian protein is less environmentally friendly than eating meat
Processed vegetarian protein options such as tofu can cause more greenhouse gas pollution than farming meat.
Producing one hamburger destroys 55 square feet of rainforest.
Products derived from alcohol are not good for health.
Products derived from animals are not good for our skin.
Programs for drug use and not effective
Prohibiting it will make the situation even more dire.
Prominent religious bodies believe that non-heterosexuals seeking to be wed devalue the crucible of the marriage relationship.
Promotes image of Catholic Church as uncaring and stubborn.
Proposal will exacerbate the HIV problem
Prostitutes have some safety with this legalisation.
Prostitutes will be safer under legalisation
Prostitution has benefits.
Prostitution hurts vulnerable women.
Prostitution is responsible for preventing some incidence of sex crime.
Prostitution Should Be Legalised to Protect and educate Sex Workers
Prostitution takes advantage of women, turning them into victims.
Protects people from spending eternity in Hell.
Public and private institutions should hire people based on skills not gender to achieve positive economic impact
Public survey shows support for electronic tagging
Pupils will bring unhealthy food with them to schools.
putting a mosque near ground zero is insulting to americans
Quota-led gender equality in executive boards will help shape a gender sensitive and highly performing business environment.
Quotas encourage women to pursue education and professional job positions
Radiation from cell phones can damage sperm.
Radical changes risk the stability of the Catholic Church.
Radiofrequency radiation from cell phones is non-ionizing and is not powerful enough to cause cancer.
Rail travel is cheaper
Rail travel is often faster
Rainforests are destroyed to support animals used for food.
Rain Man does not portray all autistic people fairly
Rain man is an example of Autism, it doesn't cover the all the types of Autism.
Rain Man is a poor stereotype of Autism.
Rain Man portrays a type of Autism, but it shouldn't   stereotype  all people who have Autism
Rain Man provides a bad example of stereotypes.
Raising animals for food contributes to air and water pollution.
Raising animals for food is not cruel.
Raising the school learning age promotes equal opportunities
Raising the school-leaving age is a crucial investment in society's future
", Rasmussen, and Quinnipiac polls show that 68%, 54%, and 71%, respectively, of Americans feel that the ""Ground Zero Mosque"" should not be built at its proposed location. "
Recruits are needed for the Armed Forces to be successful.
Recruits are needed for the Armed Forces to continue to be a powerful force.
Redistributing wealth to balance the inequality of income disparity
Red meat can be unhealthy if eaten in large quantities and too often but is healthy in moderation.
Reduce social problems from disaffected, bored youth.
Reduce “summer learning loss”.
Refusal to vaccinate infringes upon the rights of the rest of the population
Rehabilitation Constitutes an Unjustifiable Further Expense
Rehabilitation Does Not Serve The Needs of Society
Rehabilitation Doesn’t Actually Work
Rehabilitation Is A Better General Justifying Aim for Punishment
Rehabilitation is expensive and doesn't justify its costs
Rehabilitation of criminals doesn't produce results
Rehabilitation wastes money in an unjust manner
Religion does not embraces marriage bonds between same-sex couples.
Religion does not have power over marriage and it should not be limited to heterosexual marriage based on that religion.
Religion gives people a reason to live
religion is not necessary
Religion is not needed.
Religion is unnecessary.
Religion offers a life purpose to people.
Religions support some form of physical chastisement
Religious traditions allow for human dominion over animals.
Religious traditions tell us to be merciful to animals, so we should not cause them suffering by experimenting on them.
Removing 'choice' will improve the overall standard of our schools.
Reporting on violent crimes compromises the integrity and fairness of law
Requiring physical education can cause unexpected and unnecessary injuries.
Research animals are well treated
Research on animals is a last recourse, but it is still necessary at times.
Restricting information to children is inconsistent with the age of consent
Restrictions will not help, instead will will worsen the problem.
Rewarding or punishing someone for voting is nonsensical.
RF radiation does not affect health.
Right to privacy
Risk of kidney stones and gallstones can be reduced with a vegetarian diet.
Same sex couple should have the same rights as heterosexual couples
Same-sex couples should have access to the same benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples.
Same-sex marriage is a civil right.
Same-sex marriage may have a lower divorce rate than heterosexual marriage proving once and for all that gay marriage is good for the institution of marriage.
Same-Sex marriages should have the same legal protections as regular marriages.
Saturated fats in meat help the immune and nervous system.
School breakfast is a great way to give all students a balanced and healthy start to their day.
Schoolchildren need to learn history since it is an integral part of learning about one's country.
School is demanding and doesn't allow children time to work.
Schools are best places to ensure good nutrition
Schools are the best at changing lifestyles
Schools are the best place to create lasting lifestyle changes.
Schools are the best place to create lasting positive habits.
Schools are the best place to implement long lasting lifestyle changes.
School's duty of care
Schools must teach what is evidence-based, which would mean to teach abiogenesis and not Creationism.
Schools need to be gender neutral in order to ensure the kids safety.
Schools set the foundation for life
Schools should educate about healthy choices, not make them on the students’ behalf.
schools should educate on health
schools should educate the masses on healthy choices
Schools should teach historical facts.
School students are to arrive every morning having had a nutritious breakfast.
School uniforms are often expensive
School uniforms can save parents money.
School uniforms contribute to the sense of school unity
School uniforms create a level playing field among students, reducing peer pressure and bullying.
School uniforms create a sense of equality
School uniforms do not improve attendance, academic preparedness, or exam results.
School uniforms do not stop bullying and may increase violent attacks.
School uniforms emphasize the socio-economic divisions they are supposed to eliminate.
School uniforms in public schools undermine the promise of a free education by imposing an extra expense on families.
School uniforms keep students focused on their education, not their clothes.
School uniforms make getting ready for school easier, which can improve punctuality.
School uniforms may delay the transition into adulthood.
School uniforms may deter crime and increase student safety.
School uniforms may improve attendance and discipline.
School uniforms prevent the display of gang colors and insignia.
School uniforms promote conformity over individuality.
School uniforms restrict students' freedom of expression.
School uniforms undermine access to education by imposing expenses.
School vouchers allow school districts to overcome racial and other segregations
School vouchers do not improve students’ academic performance
School vouchers don't support the poor income people who need it most.
School vouchers fail to accommodate and support disabled and special-needs students
School vouchers funnel money away from already-struggling public schools and children and redistribute tax dollars to private schools and middle-class children
School vouchers have no effect on the academic performance of the students
School vouchers ignore the needs of disabled and special-needs students
School vouchers ignore the special needs community which need lots of extra help.
School vouchers improve education in general by making public schools compete with private schools for students in a free market
School vouchers offer students in failing schools access to a better education
School vouchers only benefit people who don't need the help.
School vouchers take from the poor and give to other social classes
School vouchers will only help the middle-class instead of the poor
Science and spirituality do not go hand in hand.
Science can measure and analyse the effect of certain moral behaviour on others.
Science can produce practical solutions and propose new policies to improve overall happiness.
Science can't have a spiritual aspect.
Science can't produce faith.
Science has been progressed through the use of animal research.
Science is self correcting
Science shouldn't be prescribing what we do.
Scrapping tuition fees could mean moving to a graduate tax where students do not need to pay anything up front.
Scrapping tuition fees would increase social mobility
Seeing the Prescription ads make people believe they have conditions they don't
Selective education leads to an unfair bias towards the rich and the middle classes
seperate education for boys and girls have its own benefit
Serious journalists care more about the stories than they do their own self image.
Sets a critical level of knowledge of what a student should know
Setting up a graduate tax system would be damagingly expensive
Several family members of 9/11 victims have publicly supported the Park51 project.
"Several prominent Muslims believe the ""Ground Zero Mosque"" should not be built, including Zuhdi Jasser, President of the American Islamic Forum for Democracy, and Stephen Schwartz, Executive Director of the Center for Islamic Pluralism."
Several scientists this it is the cause.
Sex education damages the education system
Sex education for underage children undermines  the law
Sex education leads to experimentation and early intercourse, and indirectly encourages promiscuity
Sex education provides “Immunization” against  sexually transmitted diseases and prevents unwanted pregnancy
Sex is a choice.
Sex markets are bad for society.
Sex markets undermine the institution of marriage.
Sex satisfies certain markets.
Sex-specific, generic diseases can be avoided
Sexual development is a process of gradual discovery and cannot be effectively taught in a classroom
Sharing on social media without permission can expose artists to copyright infringement, loss of intellectual property, and income loss
Shopping online is quicker than in store.
Should DLS continue dispite of the health risks
Signals from cell phones could cause cancer, according to the IARC.
Since tax dollars fund most public universities, the general public should have free access to these materials.
Small children are not helped by having homework.
Smokers have a right to enjoy themselves.
Social media aids the spread of hate groups.
Social media allows business women to flourish.
Social media allows for quick, easy dissemination of public health and safety information from reputable sources.
Social media allows for rapid communication during crisis events.
Social media allows for the rapid dissemination of untrue data.
Social media allows law enforcement to catch and prosecute criminals.
Social media allows people from around the USA to gather together to discuss political ideas and make change.
Social media allows people to improve their relationships and make new friends.
Social media can be a tool in the fight against social discrimination.
Social media can be powerful educational resources.
Social media can bring harm to groups such as the military, journalists and activists.
Social media can cause inappropriate student-teacher relations.
Social media can damage students' chances of admission to colleges
Social media can endanger the military, journalists, and activists.
Social media can entice people to waste time.
Social media can facilitate inappropriate student-teacher relationships.
Social media can help alleviate the shunning of the socially marginalized.
Social media can help a person connect with people to alleviate depression.
Social media can help disarm social stigmas.
Social media can help prosecute criminals
Social media can lead to stress and offline relationship problems.
Social media can start inappropriate student-teacher problems.
Social media causes people to spend less time interacting face-to-face.
Social media enables government and business interests to invade the privacy of its users.
Social media enables people to bully others online.
"Social media enables ""sexting,"" which can lead to criminal charges and the unexpected proliferation of personal images."
Social media enables the spread of unreliable and false information.
Social media facilitates cyberbullying.
Social media facilitates quick and easy contact during times of crisis.
Social media harms employees' productivity.
Social media has been found to be used for criminal activity.
Social media has been linked to stress and problems in personal relationships in the real world.
Social media helped to motivate people to get out and vote.
social media help people find friends
Social media helps empower business women.
Social media helps job-seekers connect with employers
Social media helps people who are socially isolated or shy connect with other people.
Social media helps small businesses find talented workers.
Social media increases voter participation.
Social media is beneficial to corporations and businesses.
Social media is good for people who want to interact, but have social anxiety in person.
Social media is good for the economy.
Social media is often used by higher education to find new students.
Social media is useful in times of emergencies as it enables instant contact.
Social media lacks privacy and exposes users to government and corporate intrusions.
Social media offers a way for musicians and artists to build audiences even if they don't have a corporate contract.
Social media posts are not able to be completely deleted and all the information that was posted can have unintended consequences.
Social media posts cannot be completely deleted and all information posted can have unintended consequences.
Social media posts can't be deleted permanently and the information that is posted can have unintended consequences.
Social media provides academic research to a wider audience, allowing many people access to previously unavailable educational resources.
Social media sites' advertising practices may constitute an invasion of privacy.
Social media sites' advertising practices might invade peoples' privacy.
Social media sites can have advertising practices that are an invasion to privacy.
Social media sites empower individuals to make social change and do social good on a community level.
Social media sites have helped people raise money for medical procedures.
Social media sites help employers find employees and job-seekers find work.
Social media sites often lead to relationship problems and other stress in real life.
Social media spreads information faster than any other media.
Social media tends to have people getting too immersed in it.
Social media use can harm students' chances to be admitted to colleges
Social medica can act as an educational tool.
Social networking sites are a massive time drain.
Social Policy: encouraging teaching careers
Social Policy for satisfied teachers
Society benefits from prostitution.
Society has a moral responsibility to educate all its young people
Society's future depends on raising the school-leaving age.
Society should educate based on  objective facts, rather than subjective beliefs and opinion.
Society should make it easier for all young people to receive an education.
Society's needs are not met with a focus on rehabilitation
Soicial Networking Sites are a Time-Waster
Some Autistic people are geniuses.
some boys and girls should be educated seperately
Some cosmetics and health care products must be tested on animals to ensure their safety.
Some groups of people have less capacity for suffering than most animals
Some people are not capable of learning different languages.
some people are not good at studying
Some people are unable to handle the rigor of university-level coursework.
Some people will fail at learning languages.
Some skills are better learned outside the classroom.
Some students use cell phones to cheat on exams.
Some students use phones to harass other students.
Sometimes we have no other choices for Animal research, but then to do some animal testing.
Some vegetarian options cause more greenhouse gas emissions than meat production
some young people would be taken out of workforce by compulsory studying
Space exploration has improved communications on Earth
space exploration is a waste of money
Space exploration is too expensive to have many positive benefits.
Space exploration leads to technological advancement
Space exploration takes resources away from more worthy causes
Spirituality has no place in science.
Sports can hurt diplomacy.
Sports create racial harmony.
Sports unify divided countries.
Standardized tests are arbitrary
Standardized Tests are skewed in favour of the wealthy
Standardized tests discriminate against minorities
Standardized tests exaggerate small differences in performance
Standardized tests keep schools accountable in making sure their students are prepared for the world.
Standardized tests result in teachers “teaching the test”
Start your children early on the habit of  good healthy food and it will stay with them throughout their lives.
State control of  acceptance/curriculum criteria has negative effects
State governments should have the right to establish a lower legal drinking age that reflects their unique demographics, legal context, and history.
State registrars conducting marriage ceremonies could not discriminate between homosexual and heterosexual couples
State resources could be better used in areas other than supporting free university education
States and individuals should focus on fixing the problems of this planet and not explore other ones.
State schools receive financial benefits because the private schools
State-sponsored space programs can utilize the infrastructure built up in the last half-century, and therefore be substantially cheaper
Stereotypes about autistic people are highlighted in Rain Man.
stopping DTC ads will take away our free speech
strict parenting has its benefits
Students are being tortured enough by the recession.
Students are more respected when they wear uniforms.
Students can be recruited to universities through social media.
Students can cheat in exams
Students can express their individuality in school uniforms by introducing variations and adding accessories.
Students can use cell phones to cheat.
Students do better when other universities have open resources
Students do not need to pay anything up front if scrapping tuition fees could mean moving to a graduation tax
Students don't want school uniforms.
Students dressed in uniform are better perceived by teachers and peers.
Students have a right to privacy.
Students' legal right to free expression remains intact even with mandatory school uniforms.
Students need to be well-rounded and prepared for the world, not just prepared to take tests.
Students need to know certain things and standardized tests ensure that students are ready to graduate.
Students oppose school uniforms.
Students respond negatively to the D.A.R.E. program.
Student's rights are not violated when wearing uniforms.
Students should be educated to make healthy dietary choices.
Students should not be forbidden from eating certain foods, they should be educated about them.
Students stand against school uniforms.
students will not learn as well with the D.A.R.E program.
Students would be able to benefit from being able to use resources at other universities
Studies have shown an association between cell phone use and a decreased risk of certain brain tumors.
Studies have shown that disciplining children with physical chastisement doesn't work.
Studies show that vegetarians are up to 40% less likely to develop cancer than meat eaters.
Tackling HIV requires a responsible and active position by everyone
Tastes change over time
Teachers being rewarded on the actual results they achieve can be fair.
Teachers can be given an incentive to improve their teaching.
Teachers can benefit students better with one on one time in private schools.
Teachers need protection just as much as students
Teachers should have freedom to explore ideas just as much as everyone else.
Teachers should not have freedom to teach whatever they wish as fact
Teachers shouldn't teach whatever they want.
Teachers should only teach what is agreed to as fact.
Teachers will attempt to cheat the system
Teachers will have an incentive to improve their teaching.
Teacher training
Teaches them valuable life skills
Teaching creationism as well as evolution gives students freedom to choose
Teaching history ensures that events of the past are not forgotten, and lessons are learned
Technologically speaking, manned space flight is a dead end.
Technology is available
Technology is more reliable than human judgement
Technology relies of facts and figures without the corrupting influence of opinions or morals.
Tensions will rise between the rich and the poor.
Testing is needed for really new drugs
Testing knowledge through examinations is unfair due to too many flaws in the methods.
thbt boys and girls should be educated serparatley
The 9/11 attacks were committed by Muslim terrorists in the name of Islam.
The additional economic constraints of DST are usually not examined.
The ads make people take too much medicine
The advertising  for prostitution would be against public decency.
The aging population and increasing retirement age requires higher skills
The American public overwhelmingly supports MLDA 21.
The answer is to teach more languages and to avoid not doing it.
The Arctic should be preserved for future generations.
The Arctic should be saved for future generations
The Armed Forces are a legitimate career option
The Armed Forces are less than honest
The Armed Forces need recruits
The Armed Forces provides many career choices and is a legitimate decision.
The Arts pay their way in film, heritage and design industries
The Arts provide huge benefits to society; easily comparable to humanities or theoretical science
The benefit of online courses is that anyone can access them.
The bill does not exclude evolution just allows room for other theories
The body cannot function properly when one is obese.
The burden of fees and loans are too great to expect young people to shoulder
The Catholic Church believes that any limitation of procreation is against God.
The Catholic Church sees barrier methods as a pathway to Hell.
The children left behind by the scheme are the most vulnerable.
The classroom environment is not ideal for all lessons.
The climate is changing and people are dying.
"The concept of ""traditional marriage"" has changed over time, and the definition of marriage as always being between one man and one woman is historically inaccurate. "
The concept of what is a journalist needs to be clarified to deal with the reality of new forms of mass communication. Assange gathers, collates and disseminates information, ergo, he is a journalist.
The corporate agenda is to make money, not care for human rights.
The cost isn't actually very high
The cost of fees and loans are to substantial for younger people to handle.
The cost of GLT is unjustified for a relatively rare scenario
The cost of mercy killing
The cost of space exploration exceeds the positive benefits
The costs and effects of advertising will place an additional burden on the healthcare system
The cost to the state is far too great to sustain universal free university education
The cost would not match FIFA's aim of opening football to the world
The current laws on prostitution are not helpful to women.
The D.A.R.E. program does not help prevent drug use in elementary, middle, or high school students.
The Dare program does not prevent drug abuse
the D.A.R.E program has a negative impact on students
the D.A.R.E program has been going threw a steady decline.
The D.A.R.E. program helps prevent drug use in elementary, middle, and high school students.
The Dare program increases drug use
The Dare program is not effective
The Dare program misleads kids
The drinking age should be 21 years of age.
The dynamics of football as a game are very different from other sports which currently use technology
The economy needs educated people in order to do well in the future.
The economy of states can be boosted by allowing same-sex marriages.
The economy of the future requires more education
The Electoral College ensures that all parts of the country are involved in selecting the President of the United States.
The electoral college forces candidates to win broad coalitions across the country, encouraging national harmony.
"The Electoral College gives too much power to ""swing states"" and allows the presidential election to be decided by a handful of states."
The electoral college goes against the democratic system because it hinders party building and has a negative impact on voting.
The electoral college goes against the idea that whoever earns the most votes wins.
The Electoral College guarantees certainty to the outcome of the presidential election.
The Electoral College ignores the will of the people.
The electoral college is just a violation of democratic principles and should be abolished.
The electoral college is just a violation of voter equality.
The electoral college makes certain voters decline to vote.
The electoral college prevents a tyranny of the majority.
The electoral college violates principles of equity.
The electoral college violates the democratic principle of equality in voting
The electoral college violates the democratic principle that the winner should be the candidate receiving the most votes.
The electoral college weakens incentives for voting and party building.
The environment is hurt by bottled water.
The ESSA and Virtual academies are perfect examples of how television, specifically can prove useful to students of all ages
The EU needs to help those suffering from human rights abuses
The EU should be more active in combating the abuse of human rights.
The EU should press for full equality regardless of sexuality.
The EU should remove obstacles to equality in sexual preference.
The EU’s reputation can only benefit from a strong policy on women’s rights
The ever-present threat of terrorism or a crash
The evolution of humanity has progressed due to meat eating for 2.3 million years.
The expense of bottled water is much greater than tap water.
The experience of higher education have is a right of individuals.
The fees and loans create a substantial burden on our young adults.
The Feminist Cause No Longer Appeals to Women
"The financers of the ""Ground Zero Mosque"" have ties to radical Islamic extremists."
The financial burden is too high for the state to handle a universal free university education system.
The flaws are too many
The focus of states and individuals should be on fixing the problems of this planet, not with exploring other ones
The frequency of heart disease in schools could be lowered by banning junk food.
The 'Global warming' phenomenon could be caused by other things
The goverment can't afford to take on more school children
The government needs financial help to take on more school children.
The government produces too much data to make it all available to the public.
The government shouldn't dictate children's clothing to parents.
The government should provide information to consumers, not restrict choice
The ground zero mosque is surrounded in a lot of controversy, due to ties to extremist connections.
"The ""Ground Zero Mosque"" will be an asset to the city."
"The ""Ground Zero Mosque"" would become a permanent lightning rod for anti-Muslim feelings. "
The health risks of trans fats are distinctive.
The higher the taxes, the more often people will strive to dodge them.
The human body has changed over time to be able to handle a largely vegetarian diet
The ideals behind community radio are ruined by extremists.
The idea of a Muslim mosque near Ground Zero where Muslims killed so many Americans is morally repugnant.
"The idea of a ""traditional marriage"" is a modern convention and has not remained static over the centuries. "
The impacts of unvaccinated populations stain the financial resources of the healthcare system.
The information age makes attempting to hide information on sex impossible
The institution of marriage cannot be harmed by giving more people the freedom to marry and it may become the case that heterosexual marriage is less stable than same-sex marriage.
The institution of marriage has been weakened in recent years and allowing gay marriage will only further damage an already crumbling institution.
The institution of marriage has traditionally been defined as being between a man and a woman.
The internal organs of humans have changed over time to support a diet that is free of meat
The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) has classified cell phone radiation as a possible carcinogen.
The introduction of technology is inevitable
The IPhone has more features
The job of a journalist is to report the world and events as they see them. Cultural sensibilities do not alter the fact that these events have happened.
The key findings used to tout the benefits of uniforms are questionable.
The law as it stands is wrong and patronising to women
The law is contrary to the constitution
The law is patronizing to women
The law patronizes women
The law should not condone illicit behaviour
The law would violate freedom of speech and association.
The less rules there are on recruitment there more soldiers will be available.
The longer they are educated, the more opportunities they get
The lottery of childbirth should not be interfered with
The main objective of curfews is usually crime prevention.
The mainstream media is essential for the accurate reporting of information; without it reporting on violent crimes, they would simply be reported by less accountable, less accurate freelance reporters and blogs
the majority of people respond to discipline
The media needs to allow us to see the whole and complete truth of events.
The media’s reporting and investigating acts as a check on the behavior of the justice system
The MLDA should stay at 21 because people tend to be more mature and responsible at 21 than 18.
the money goes to helping homeless people
The money is given to the homeless
The money should instead be given to organizations that will fix the causes of homelessness
The more education you have the more opportunities
The most vulnerable children would be left behind by the scheme
The Muslim community center is a major economic investment that will pump over $100 million in infrastructre into lower Manhattan and will create as many as 150 full-time and 500 part-time jobs in an area that desperately needs it.
The National Curriculum does not provide personalised learning since it is an instrument of mass instruction.
The National Curriculum has stifled creativity (the generation of ideas) and innovation (the addition of value).
The national curriculum is capable of substantial improvement
The National Curriculum is the product of a factory system designed for a world that no longer exists.
The National Curriculum provides reference points of achievement for parents and government.
The National Curriculum sets standards for the Teaching Learning Programme
The national security is undermined by open source software.
The needs of society are not served by rehabilitation
The notion that money is the best way of judging value is far more damaging to society than the Arts
The number of schools partnering with D.A.R.E. has steadily declined and revenues have fallen year after year, proving that teachers and administrators do not believe it works.
The phones in schools eliminate the need for cell phones.
The playing field is evened against state a corporate broadcasters via community radio.
The playing field is evened against state a corporate broadcasters when there is community radio,.
The policy should encourage more people to pursue a teaching career
The popularity of Chess worldwide sets it up as an appropriate Olympic sport.
"The ""potentially harmful therapy"" that D.A.R.E. promotes goes against the Hippocratic Oath."
The Price They Pay
The program called D.A.R.E. has not prevented drug use in schools at all.
The public has a reliable source of essential public health and safety information through their social media accounts.
The push for school uniforms is driven by commercial interests rather than educational ones.
The quality of education suffers when university education is free
The raping of women in war is a very real concern.
There are alternatives that tackle the real causes of voter disengagement
There Are Better Alternatives to Underground Nuclear Waste Storage
There are cases where leaving school early is necessary
There are different levels/degrees of bullying
There are economic advantages for states to approve gay marriages.
There are fewer drunk driving traffic accidents and fatalities in many countries with MLDA of 18.
There are little immediate benefits to spending people into space
There are many types of marriage which are innaporpoate and dangerous which may be allowed if gay marriage is legalized.
There are more efficient alternative methods of funding universities available.
There are no satisfactory alternatives to animal research
there are other issues to worry about
There are other policy options that are less distortive and more advantageous for the economy.
There are other things that cause the global warming situation.
There are problems with being vegetarian
There are religious reasons for some to discipline their children physically.
There are risks involved with allowing guns in schools.
There are some personality and brain disorders that appear to connect to social media usage.
There are sufficient harms to justify a ban
There are sufficient numbers of public water fountains to support banning bottled water to save money.
There are times when it is appropriate to discipline children physically.
There are too many flaws
There are ways other than giving up meat to help the environment.
There are way too many flaws
The reasons for which the Founding Fathers created the Electoral College are no longer relevant.
The recession can be overcome by more money in the economy.
The recession is torturing students enough.
There could be a crisis or danger in the school and then they could be used.
There could be emergencys and it's their own choice.
There has been no rise in the rate of brain cancers despite a massive increase in the use of cell phones.
there is a connection between the financers of the ground zero mosque and the attacks on 9/11
There is a danger that social media can bring to the military, journalists and activists.
There is a difference between actual journalists and those who like having their names published in newspapers. Assange has far more claim to the description than many of them.
There is a lack of evidence that homework helps younger children
There is an increase of drug use associated with the D.A.R.E. program.
There is a relatively higher female Injury rate
There is a very real controversy regarding the origin and development of life, and children deserve to hear both sides.
There is evidence that god exists.
There is much debate about gay marriage but many religious leaders are in support of it regardless.
There is much less need to learn foreign languages for countries where English is the first language.
There is no academic impact that comes with the school vouchers
There is no clear link between gender quota and economic growth
There is no down side to a strong policy on women's rights being adopted by the EU.
There is no empirical evidence supporting Creationism, whereas all evidence supports abiogenesis and evolution.
There is no evidence that 7 Global warming is accurate as it is based on computer modelling.
There is no evidence that D.A.R.E. graduates are any more knowledgeable about attitudes, drugs, social skills or attitudes towards police.
There is no evidence that homework makes a difference for young children.
There is no evidence that vegetarian diets help the environment.
"There is no historical basis for believing so called ""traditional marriages"" have been changeless over the centuries. "
There is no proof of cell phone radiation causing problems.
There is no proven risk of brain tumors from cell phone use.
There is no scientifically valid mechanism for CO2 causing global warming.
There is no scientific basis for thinking corporal punishment will be effective with children.
There is nothing inherently cruel about raising animals for food
There is nothing inherently cruel about raising animals for food.
There isn't a need for foreign languages where English is the first language
There is precedent to compulsory voting working.
There must be access to meats in order to alleviate world hunger.
There needs to be a balance for kids between mental and physical stimulation.
There needs to be a good knowledge of what's happening criminally to arrive at a good response.
There should be equality between men and women.
There should be no mosques near Ground Zero until there are churches or synagogues in Saudi Arabia, or until Christians or Jews are allowed to enter Mecca.
The resources and efforts focused on space exploration could better humanity.
There will always be disabled students that need to be looked out for and vouchers ignore that.
There will be more people self diagnosing from the Ads
The right not to vote
The right to drink should have a higher age of initiation because of the dangers posed by drinking.
The right to eat what we want, including meat, is a fundamental liberty that we must defend.
The risk of a physical education requirement results in the risks of injury.
The risk of heart disease is reduced in people who adhere to a vegetarian diet.
The safety of the community is the state's priority.
"The sale of ""junk food"" items provide vital financial assistance to schools."
The scheme leaves behind the most vulnerable children.
The scheme should be for all children.
The school has phones that students can use.
The scientific community as a whole overwhelmingly rejects Creationism.
These events have happened, whether cultures approve of them or not.
The situation in these countries is improving, no need for a new policy.
The skills are already taught by science.
The software industry can better positively affected by government contracts.
The solution is more teaching of languages not less.
The 'space race' fuels nationalistic sentiment and antagonism
The spread of disease can be limited by euthanasia
The state benefits from the skills of a university educated populace
The state is benefited by those with university educated skills.
The state must keep it's community safe.
The state owes a duty of protection to victims, victims’ families, and those accused of committing crimes
The state should ban trans fats to protect the public
The state shouldn't allow the use of trans fats to protect people's health.
"The stereotype that ""all autistic people are geniuses"" is now a common misbelief."
The tension between rich and poor will be increased.
The United States was built upon tolerance and religious freedom, and a mosque at Ground Zero would represent American values.
The use of a voucher system increases parents' freedom of choice.
The use of social media is correlated with personality and brain disorders.
The voice of those of the powerful being imposed is mitigated via community radio which, instead, gives voice to the people.
The way things stand right now, patient would be more informed.
they can be used to cheat on tests
They deserve to have their privacy considered
they don't have time
they drink anyway why not let them do it legaly
They will have the satisfaction of a job well done.
They will spend the money on drugs or alcohol
This ban would be difficult to enforce.
This ban would be easy to introduce.
This ban would encourage smokers to smoke less or give up smoking altogether.
This ban would lower healthcare costs.
This ban would put many pubs, clubs, etc. out of business.
This bill allows teachers and students to explore all theories including evolution.
This could simply swap inequalities around
This is why we believe in God: -
This situation we are in with global warming may have other causes.
This would motivate people to think about their food choices
Those against gay marriage are called names if gay marriage is legalized.
Those in the arts can increase their audience using social media.
Those who are more shy and introverted can connect with others through social media.
Time can be better devoted to class and teaching when uniforms are implemented because it avoids dress code issues.
To not promote the truth of events is contrary to the duty, and to the right of free speech, of a responsible media
too many choices lead to substandard outcomes
Too much focus on test prepation to the detriment of other skills
Too much homework can be harmful
Too much homework is detrimental.
Too much of anything could be bad for you.
To protect the health of the public, the state should ban the use of trans fats.
Torturous scenes should be kept from publication.
To understand how things came to be, school children should be taught historical facts and figures.
Traditional universities are a rite of passage to independent life
Trains can be very uncomfortable
Trains do run often and alert you to any delays
Trans fats are especially detrimental to your health.
Trans fats are uniquely unhealthy
tuition fees are helpful
Tuition fees were only increased a few years ago.
Tuition fees will help education
Tuition fees will improve education recieved.
Two people who want to get married should be able to, no matter their sexuality.
Unauthorized sharing on social media exposes artists to copyright infringement, loss of intellectual property, and loss of income.
Unauthorized sharing on social media sites can lead to artists being infringed on their copyrights, loss of intellectual property, and income loss
Underground Nuclear Storage is Expensive.
Underground Nuclear Storage is Necessary
Underground Nuclear Storage is Safe
Unhealthy Food May Be Bad For Brain Function
Unhealthy foods lead to a higher risk of diabetes.
Uniform policies save valuable class time because they are easier to enforce than a standard dress code.
Uniforms make everyone appear equal since there is no variation in clothing styles, costs, etc.
Uniforms make it easier for parents to afford clothes for their kids.
Uniforms may have a detrimental effect on students' self-image.
Universal free education may be a great idea in practice, but it is not feasible for the government to handle the expenses.
Universal free higher education cost too much for the state to maintain.
Universal healthcare doesn't allow for any new medical breakthroughs.
Universal healthcare is just too expensive.
Universal healthcare is not affordable
Universal healthcare prevents healthcare advances.
Universal healthcare stifles innovation
Universities being open with resources can benefit students a great deal
Universities deserve to add costs to their resources instead of leaving them open to the public, restricting profits
Universities deserve to profit from their work
Universities should be directly profiting from their services
Universities will lack funding which will severely limit the number of places that can be offered.
Universities will struggle with private funding if all provided resources become free
Universities without funding will be hurt
University education is an investment.
University's could use alternate funding.
Unproven speculative beliefs have no place in education as it needs to be based on provable facts.
Unrealistically costly
Until as recently as 20 years ago, no more than 5% of MPs in UK Parliament were female. Positive discrimination would increase that statistic
until Muslims life their negative opinion of other religions there should be no mosque near ground zero
Use google as a way to find multiple sources of agreeing information.
Use of gender quotas has not been found to improve economic growth.
Use reverse psychology on kids to remove the appeal of drinking.
US government agencies conclude there is no scientific evidence proving that cell phones cause cancer or other health problems.
Using social media can harm students' chances for college admission.
Using social media takes time away from real, in-person interaction.
Using social networking sites at workplaces wastes valuable amount of work-time.
Vaccines have severe side effects
Vegetarian diets allow more calcium to be absorbed than from meat and leads to healthy bones.
Vegetarian diets are not necessarily better for the environment.
Vegetarian diets aren't always more environmentally friendly
Vegetarian diets can cause the death of animals too
Vegetarian diets can cause the death of animals too.
Vegetarian diets result in a reduction of antibiotic usage.
Vegetarian diets won't help world hunger
Vegetarianism doesn't always help the environment
Vegetarianism doesn't reduce world hunger
Vegetarianism is healthier
Vegetarianism makes no difference in longevity
vegetarians are 40 % less likely to have cancer
Vegetarians die at the same rate as meat eaters.
Vegetarians do not live longer.
Vegetarians have average lifespans
Vegetarians live longer.
Voters and party builders are undermined by the electoral college.
Voting does not make sense as a rewardable/punishable action.
Voting is a civic duty
Voting is the duty of every individual in a democratic society.
Voting should be neither rewarded or punished.
Vouchers allow parents to choose their child’s education
Vouchers don't make schools better, it does not affect the eucation.
Vouchers have no direct correlation to improving academics.
Water must be stored in containers for emergencies and bottled water is the ideal solution.
Wealthy families are the people that will gain more from being able to determine their own actions.
Wearing uniforms enhances school pride, unity, and community spirit.
We can reduce the prevalence of psychological disorders in the gay community by allowing gay marriage.
We deserve accurate reporting of violent crimes from the mainstream media
We do not allow assault so why should we give the right to spank children to anyone?
Weekend voting would be a more sensible solution
We have to know what is happening and it is the media's job to convey this to us in its entirety.
We learn from the mistakes and successes of others
We may accept that we have the right to eat meat
We must have bottled water for emergency water.
We must teach Creationism as an alternative theory because it is scientifically valid.
We need more universities as the population is growing!
We need to be able to test drugs on animals.
We need to make sure that policies leave our teachers satisfied
We ought to at least be gathering information
We should declare the war on prostitution
We should not disrupt our existing childbirth lottery.
We should not prevent attempts of trying to contact with aliens.
We should not try to fix what isn't broken and what is fixing itself.
We shouldn't force people to study if they aren't good at it and choose not to.
We shouldn't interfere with our current childbirth lottery.
We should obviously not like drug users
We should save the Arctic for future generations.
We should weigh the happiness pennies could give
Western states have a duty to aid those striving for the ideals they cherish
We try to only use animal testing when it is needed.
What can chocolate do for you.
what is the best for the child is not always the private education
What's the point of voting as politicians don't listen to the public anyways
When in conflict, the rights of humans must be preferred to the rights of animals.
When looking for a job social media can help
When people use social media they tend to reduce their personal face-to-face  time with others.
When research is done on animals, it causes them severe harm.
When seeing the ads Doctors might feel pressure to give them to patients
where we have been can help us with where we are going
While both people and animals both suffer, most animals suffer more than people do.
While there are some benefits,  space exploration has too high a cost
Who says who can marry and who can't
Why should anyone bother to vote when politicians do whatever they want?
Why should they attempt to mine our planet?
Wide university education produces a literate, multi-skilled and widely knowledgeable nation
Wikileaks is not a news organisation, it exists exclusively to disseminate classified information, no genuine news organisation has such an agenda.
Will Cause Resentment Between Men and Women
With an increased standard of living for all the reason for crime would almost disappear.
With D.A.R.E. there is more trust between kids, schools, and the police
With more education comes more opportunities
With net neutrality, consumers are safe from ISP fee changes
Without a firm foundation of historical knowledge, children will have a harder time learning necessary skills.
Without animal research, we would have fewer products
With plastic container being so prevalent banning plastic water bottles will not reduce plastic waste.
With so many new universities and colleges, employers can't tell the difference between the good and bad.
With the electoral college in place, it weakens people's incentives for voting.
Woman are more susceptible to injury while in combat.
Woman may be raped if they are allowed in combat.
Women are injured more frequently in combat.
Women are patronized by the current prostitution laws and therefore they are wrong.
Women are vastly underrepresented in democratic legislatures across the world. Until 20 years ago women had never been more than 5% of MPs in UK Parliament.
Women must accept the same risks as men if they want to be judged on an equal scale.
Women still have inferior positions to men.
Workers with advanced language skills increase the competitiveness of the economies they participate in
Working part time prepares children for the real world.
Work is work.
World hunger can be reduced with a vegetarian diet.
World hunger can not be fixed by vegetarianism.
Would give women the opportunity to speak out
Would lead to similar policy towards drugs
Would send a positive social message, increasing animal welfare rights more generally in society
Year-round learning can help reduce the burden on parents.
Yes, but only when an emergency warrants their use.
Yes Homework Should Have A Limit
Yes, it should.
Yes, it should be allowed for the case of emergency.
Yes, kids need to balance out mental and physical exercise.
Yes, students could choose to call their parents if there is an emergency.
You aren't setting up a good relationship with your child from the start.
You can gain knowledge about an location by learning the local language.
You can persuade to vote but you can't force someone to do it.
You can understand different cultures by learning their native tongue.
you can vote at 18 why cant you drink?
You don't have to leave the house to shop online.
Young adults drinking could cause more problems in the future
Young adults in college won't get in trouble with the law
Young people are too burdened by fees and loans.
Young people should be able to think for themselves and make their own decisions.
Young people should have the choice to decide for themselves
Young people should have the freedom to make their own choices.
you will cause kids to be sneaky
You would be paying a small price for the quality of education given.
